VÍDEO #5
======================================================================
Título: Bitrix24 Training Course 24. Collabs
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=9lffo7IBUMg
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 15689 caracteres
Data Coleta: 11/01/2026 22:21
======================================================================

 Hi there and welcome to our YouTube channel. My name is Frida from EMCSoft and today we're going to be talking about Betrix feature Collabs. So stay tuned and let's master Betrix 24 together. So we're going to start by opening the Collabs section. There is a couple of ways that you can access this section. So on the left side menu you'll see the direct option to open this section. You'll also see the messenger section so you can either open directly from Collabs or you can go ahead and open from the messenger section as well. And even if you create one here in the Collabs section it'll also show on the chats on the left side so you can see the collab here and you can also see it on this side. There's also a third way to access it and it is by going to the workgroup. So if we click here on the workgroup section we are also able to create a new collab straight from the workgroup section as well. We're going to click the plus sign and we're going to assign a name and we can also upload a logo. So here I've selected a logo, a name for this collab. You can also write a description. Also something that is more important is the access permissions. So if I click here I'm able to add who the owner is, moderators for the collab and other users as well. So we can go one by one. So owner there's only one owner and it's the person with the highest permissions inside of the collab. From there we have the moderators so we can select a particular moderator for the collab as well and you can add multiple moderators for example. Also you'll have the option to either deny or permit new users of seeing the pass messages inside of the collab chat. Also you can control which members are allowed to invite new collab members into the group. So either the owner only, owner and moderators or anyone. I'm going to leave it in all members. Also you can either allow or deny the inviting of guests to this collab. So that's external guests and we'll talk a little bit more about that in a second. You'll understand this part better after I explain to you the difference between the guests and the regular users. Also so we have users allowed to post messages or not. So either all members or again you can set that for whatever is most convenient for your collab. Also there is a task section inside of the collab. There's also calendar and other sections that we'll dive into in a minute. But here in the collab tasks we're going to be able to set the permissions for the tasks as well. So who can view the collab task? In this case I'll leave it as all members. Allow to sort and move the collab tasks. I'll leave it as employees only. So I don't want anyone external only somebody from my own team. Users allowed to create new tasks. In this case we'll leave it as employees only as well. And users allowed to edit collab tasks. Here we're going to leave it for owner moderators. So I don't want other employees to be able to modify the task that may be a moderator or the owner assigned to them. And last but not least users allowed to delete collab tasks. In this case I'll leave it for all members. But if you want to assign a different permission here you're welcome to do so. Awesome. So I'm going to go ahead and save that. And I can also turn on this option to auto delete messages. So it'll ask you for example if you want it every hour, once a day, once a week or once a month. So you can set that up if you'd like. In this case I'm going to leave it just the way it is. I can go ahead and create the collab. And the first thing that's going to pop up is the option to add more employees and guests into the club. So I'm going to explain to you a little bit about the difference between the employees and the guests. So employees very simple. It's going to be a user from within your Beatrix portal. So any employee, any user inside of the Beatrix portal can be invited through the employees section. And then we have the guest section where you can invite anybody that is external to Beatrix. It can be a client, it can be a provider. And you can do it by adding their email address here and they will receive an email with the direct invite to join the collab. Or you can just copy this link and send it to the person that you want to invite into the collab. So for example, if we open up that link. So I'm going to be able to see this window where I can sign in or create an account so that I can sign into the collab. So if they don't have an account, it'll take them to sign in. And if they do, then it'll take them to log in into their account so they can access your collab through their account. Awesome. So let's continue here. And we're going to start with the sidebar. So if we open the sidebar, we're going to be able to see the information on our collab. So here we would see, for example, the description. If we had written any, we see the logo, we see the members, we can add members from here as well, turn on sound notifications, return them off. And again, it'll ask you if you want to out of delete messages. So if you didn't configure it in the beginning, you can do so now. Also, you're going to be able to see the favorite messages. So you can star a message on collapse. For example, hello, I send this and then I can click the three dots more and add the favorites. And it will appear here in the favorite messages. Okay. So similar to this, you also have links. So if any link is sent here, it'll also pop up here in the all links section and same with files in media. So if I add a file from this computer and I go ahead and send that, then it's going to actually be shown here in files in media. Alright, awesome. So you can also click the three dots. And if you are a owner, then you're able to edit the collab. And depending on the permissions, you can also add members right or hide the collab from your chat section. So we're going to close this bad boy. You can also use the search icon to search for any particular words. If you want to find a particular place in the chat history, particular conversation, this is a very useful tool. And you can also do a direct video call to all the members instead of this collab by clicking here. Or you can also do a voice call and Zoom as well. We also have a calendar section. So if we click here on the calendar, we'll be able to see a calendar that's being created, particularly and exclusively for our collab chat so that we can organize ourselves on events so that we can organize ourselves on upcoming meetings, appointments, etc. scheduled calls, whatnot with our providers or with our customers and employees inside the collab. And this is going to work just like the regular Beatrix calendar. I can create a quick event by clicking right on the calendar or I can click the green create button on top and just go to the full on editor to create an event. And this calendar will be available for everyone. So anybody can create an event and their fellow guests inside the collab and employees are going to be able to view that as well in that same calendar. Okay, awesome. So you can create a task directly from here if you'd like as well, but we're going to go back and we're going to go ahead and discuss files so you can also click here on the files tab and it'll open up a folder where you can actually connect to your drive as well. Here you can add any files, any folders and have all your documentation organized for that collab, any contracts, any confidentiality notices, etc. They can be stored here in this section. Awesome. And also we can use the little clip icon here to actually attach a file from Beatrix Drive. So if I click here, I'm able to select from my drive and I can send something directly from this file's document as well. All right. And also we have tasks here. So if I click here on the tasks icon, I'm also able to create a task directly in the list view or in the can ban view. I will also have deadline planner calendar in gunt and I can select a particular stage view, right? For example, if I have a workgroup that I want this to look like, then I can go ahead and click on that workgroup as well. Awesome. And I'm able to create a task here. This is going to open the short form for creating the task or I can open the detailed form by clicking here and that'll take me to the full detail view for the task and also create that useful way of handling our tasks inside the collab so that way they are stored in the same place and we have proper communication with the client, the providers and anybody that needs to be a part of these tasks. Awesome. So I'm going to go ahead and close that now and lastly we're going to talk about just these icons very straight forward. For example, if I click on this one, it'll transcribe what I'm saying and turn it into typed words that can be very convenient if you don't have time to type also you can add an emoji. They added a whole bunch of new emojis by the way with this last update of Beatrix24 so there's a lot of emojis and even stickers available to use here as well. And here you can access any applications in this case we don't have any so that's why we don't see any applications there and of course you can create a poll and I will now show you exactly what poll is so basically you can add a poll here so we'll say for example let's say we are trying to decide on a particular logo for the project so I can ask the question in this case I'm keeping it super simple so just logo and I can add multiple options here so let's say we have three different logos that we're trying to choose from and we can add more options here as well as many as we need and we can move them around by dragging this guy over here right in this case we'll just leave it as is and we can also allow multiple choices so in this case we're going to turn it off because we do want every one in the group to choose just one poll option so also you can turn this into an anonymous poll by just clicking here or you can just set it as a regular poll by clicking the off button and you can also allow revoting if you'd like or turn that off so once somebody votes here then they won't be able to vote again if you turn it on then they will right so I'm going to go ahead and create the poll and this is exactly how the poll is going to look like this is a public poll and for example if I choose logo 2 then I'll see I have one vote for the logos and as everybody starts to vote we will see the percentages here and we will be able to see the final decisions on this side so that we can pick a logo and you can also download the results here if you'd like it will actually download an Excel file for you and I'll open that so you can see what that looks like so basically you'll see the question and all the logo options and who selected which option and even the date when it was selected so pretty convenient if you need to have full on analytics of who's choosing what in the poll all right great so I'm going to go ahead and close that off and we're going to move on for document for signing so document for signing is actually exactly like e-signature and we have a video on e-signature that I'm going to add the description of this video so that you can see in full detail if you haven't revised e-signature it's going to look exactly like this you'll be able to upload your document here for signing okay and I'm going to actually choose one that we already have available which is a service agreement but you can upload a new one if you'd like by clicking here right and just uploading from your files or just dragging and dropping a file here so I'm going to go ahead and click for the service agreement and then I'm going to click continue okay and then you will choose somebody to be the sender so in this case it's going to be myself and you can also choose your company details here okay your company details are not going to be edited here directly okay these company details are set up in your settings and again if you want to go into more detail about this you'll have to check our e-signature video and also you're going to choose a recipient so you can choose somebody external from your customer list of for example we'll do free to test okay awesome and you're going to click continue okay so you'll see the service agreement here you can edit that service agreement if you'd like in this case we have the client first name last name in position and I added this as a CRM field here so you can insert any CRM fields that you want okay and also the service provider as well so you can add that as well with the company details okay here and the signatures are added here so for example if I erase this one and then I will insert the signature here okay awesome then we will send over this document for signing okay and we can also add custom text box here so just insert a random text go here and then you can actually edit that text here as well so hello test right and you can add to that document here awesome so let's continue I'm going to click here continue and in this case I'm both the sender and the recipient right so I'm going to submit for signing this is exactly how we would go about this we would send it here I can see the document has been created so if I click open I'll see the full on document here okay awesome and I will also be able to see that document here in the collapse but keep in mind the signing will be done via email okay so if I go here to my email I'll be able to see that signature notification so if I open this document I will be able to sign here all right great so that's exactly how the signature would be working again if you want to go more in detail on this you'll have to check out our e-signature video all right beautiful now we're going to go ahead and go to the time slots option so you can only configure open slots outside of the collapse so here we're actually not going to be able to modify anything okay but we can configure that in our open slots and I'll show you how to do that so here if we go to calendar and then click on open slots we're able to configure exactly when we have available okay I'm going to create one from scratch I want available slots on Thursday Friday Wednesday Tuesday Monday let's say that I have availability from 11 to 2 p.m so this is where I would actually configure my time slots and I can send it here with the time slots honestly I don't recommend using this too much on this side I recommend just using it directly from here copy the link and then send it over because it tends to actually send other different time slots for some reason so here you can just copy and then they'll have the availability to choose a particular time right awesome and we can also create an event or a meeting directly here so we already went over this just amended to go with the calendar section but again you can do it directly by clicking here if you'd like just create the event write a name for it time date etc right description etc so we can do that directly from here as well or we can create a task directly from here again as we saw before in the task section it's exactly the same thing this is just a shortcut so we can do detailed form and we'll have the full on task to create here as well beautiful and again file on Btricks or file from the computer so this is going to be from drive and you can also add a file from the desktop okay that's it everybody thank you so much for watching this video we really appreciate it we hope you enjoyed this and all of our videos if you did enjoy the video please make sure to like subscribe and if you have any questions or comments be sure to leave us a comment right below the description