VÍDEO #1
======================================================================
Título: Demo Day – Freshsales, um completo CRM  de marketing e vendas.
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=68X3-vNwoNE
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 16527 caracteres
Data Coleta: 12/01/2026 00:16
======================================================================

 Hello, hello, everything fine? I'm Adriana, Specialista Freshworks here in BCR6X and a leader of parcerias. Today we're going to talk a little bit about a product from Freshworks called Fresh Sales Sweet. It is actually an assumption between two very powerful tools, sales and marketing. With a unique tool you will be able to join two different departments. So, of course, you will have a complete and very powerful CRM. Speaking a little bit about BCR6X, we are a BPO service company, so we have the SAC and SAC attachment, of course, we use many technologies to be able to deliver even more services to companies like yours. So, one of the services would be to use Freshworks products, which are TAS solutions, you can understand, in the entertainment, you can understand how to sell, you can understand the TAS teams. So, today we will talk a little bit about the sales and of course I will show you the product. If you are doubtful, please just write here on our YouTube channel and of course it will be a pleasure to talk to you later. Let me share with you my screen. Very well. So, here you will already know directly the product, right? Here what you are seeing is already the Fresh Sales Sweet screen. Our distance is a demonstration distance, so you will see some numbers here that are fixed, it is more to be able to show what we can do inside the platform. Here we already see right in the central panel that we can do, then the integration of emails, then from one to the other, we can integrate and I will show you why this integration is so important. Starting to show a little bit here, we will show the page of contacts, so this is a platform so that you can put your contacts, generate these contacts, are fixed here, you will be able to check all the list of contacts, and what is very important is the point that is attributed to each of them. So, with this contact, it is being engaged by emails, it will receive points determined by you. Of course, after a certain maturation, this contact can already be contacted by phone, it will be connected in a different way, because you also understand how engaged they are with you. This visualization that I chose, it can be chosen by you, so name, point, email, phone, country, so you can select the different columns, edit the columns that you want, what are they, what appear here? You can enter, you can put here the state, if it makes sense, you can put a contact motive, you can put the status of the signature, if we are talking about the signature of some kind of buy, about the name, phone, so many other data can be put here, we can import and export lists of contacts. Besides the contacts, the system itself, it helps us to make lists. So, every time I want to import a list, I need to go up to here and bring a list of new contacts here for you. When they are separated by lists, I can also assign my market team to get better this contact and make specific campaigns. So, all the system will be organizing these contacts, right? I can also put here, and then the accounts also help me understand what clients I am treating, have ways to visualize these accounts, so here are the details. I have the name of the company, who is the owner, the value of the negotiation, so we are talking directly with our team of sales. I can put here, when it was the last contact I made, with that company, with that account, I can put the contacts that are related, so contact, we will keep a form, and we will keep another one, who are the accounts that I am treating, the owner, the phone, and of course, I can also edit the columns here, and modify this visualization in a way that makes it more sense for the company. In terms of exhibition, I can show all my accounts, just my territory, the ones that were imported recently, so I can have different visualizations here within the account. By doing more or less, we can talk about negotiations. All those accounts that I showed you, they can be negotiated, so the idea is to keep all the marketing assets in a single sale, in a single place. Here is like a campaign, so you can drag and solve, and here you can open new fields. I put to show you only the new ones, and the ones that are in following, but you can have more open fields here, in the form of a campaign, okay? These values that we are seeing here are values that we put in negotiation, are values that are useful, just to get better systems and understand their ease. And I can here, even to give you tasks, who are the people who are related, this task is to be connected, send a email, make a follow-up, I can edit the contact, so I can get to know the contact, how it is negotiating, which moment, trust or who is in negotiation, can send a email from here inside, I can write something, edit the data of this contact, of this account. Right, I'm here. Following a little, I can have, then, provisions of sales, so here we can determine the period, and choose which is the period you want to see, how to verify how the sales are, so that also helps to bring more information. Here is the evaluation value, he is looking for the necessary data. And then why was it so important to integrate the emails? Because you can do emails from within the RMFRECHCELES suite. You can do so many emails individually, how many emails in a mass, so it is so important to put the email here, to do the integration. So, there are all these options. It is one of the ways we can communicate better, and as I mentioned, each engagement, the client will also receive the points. So I can have a box for the team, a box of entry, the history of the enviados, and then he will also help me understand what are the open, what are closed, what are the locks, the metrics of the emails in mass, so what was enviado in mass, he will bring me here some data, a box of entry, so all the options of emails are here. Besides that, we can also have a model of email. So let's support that every time a new client comes in, you need to send some models already determined about documentation, about a board, what does it mean? These emails can already be here. So once the email is already determined, the person already automatically receives a flow. As an email normal, we can connect images, we can change the letter, change the font, so it is another way to leave these models ready, and then every time a certain client comes in, for some reason, we can do the disparage. To understand that who also cancelled the signatures, how they were clicked, how many were opened, so to understand all these information. We can also do, also speaking of sales team, a sales sequence, so why is sales sequence so important? You see? Data is also fixed. Why is sales sequence so important? Because it helps us to manage each time better, as our sales system works, as if the sales engine is working. And here I can show you, too, if it's a classic sequence, if it's an intelligent sequence, that is, it has an hour to start being executed. I can say, from here on the Swedish Fresh, what I want this platform to do for me, if it's to add the email, you see? It already opens here, it already opens the models, for the sequence inside. So let's save here. And here, it already left me another sequence of emails. So based on those emails I've already left, it will give me the opportunity to make sales sequences in this sense. Nothing more, it's a flow of emails, where I can send images, I can send information, I can send a book, so with a sequence, obviously, well done, you can still get more clients. And here's a lot of things. I have emails in Mass, as I commented, it will bring me metrics. So other information about emails. It also can help me to make market sequence. So why is it also important to have a market sequence? What I want it to happen with the help of my client is what the system will help me. So here on a list, they are asking me, what do I do with this client? I include him, I exclude, I can say, a specific task, what is the email I send to him after he has entered a sequence? So here I can also establish some points within the segments of my clients. And then, of course, all the segments bring me the biggest certainty in the time of communicating with the client in the sense of sales. So the marketing segment is very interesting. I can also put some information about this client that I want it to happen in the step by step of this client. There are some information here, they are already trying to solve Dragon Drop. So it also makes me very easy, seeing that he has a lot of field to be able to be taught. And within this process, the client's journey, all these topics here in the side, are the things that I can put to the client. So I want to send what is communicated. I want to start a journey with this client. I want him to, after that, add a delay, I want a time to wait. So after I asked him to come and stay, I give a time to wait to ask this new client again, again, I will send an SMS to the integrator. I will send an WhatsApp to the integrator, to make a new update, update the negotiation, all these options that we can put inside the journey that I want my client to take. I want to encourage him to go through the journey until he decides to come. It's a natural client. Until he can decide by buying. So that's also very cool. I can make a campaign of emails. And that's also very interesting. I'll create a new campaign. I just had a minute. I'll create a new campaign. Very good. That's the signature I'm going to put. I'm going to put a signature I already have here. What is the email remittance? He's asking me about the account. He already has some information. I'm going to fill it up for this email. I'll be ready. Very good. So I can put all the information with the account, to finish the work, to whom I'm going to send, to my remittance, I can configure all this inside the system. And the system also limits the option of having emails ready. You see the amount of templates I already have here of emails. So these emails help me to start creating my email marketing. So now we're talking about the product that I left out, the sale of the sale and the sale department. I'm already walking through the marketing department. And here everything I can do. I can put images, change titles, change the button. It's also drag and drop. To drag and drop. I can change the text, I can look at it. Edit. Bring new information. Change lines. I'll play a little bit here below for you to see. Very good. And then I can send tests. I can pre-visualize to understand how my email marketing is getting. This would be the visualization of a desktop and the visualization of a mobile. So all these options they give us inside the system. Right? Very well. You can do email trans-assets, offline events. So, still following our marketing team. He also manages to make online pages. So, for the campaign, even to put it behind my sale sequence. So, I can create online pages. All you are seeing here, on the left, are types of online pages, models, templates that he already has. So, he already has electronic, led, sketch, resources, loads. So, he already says, I'll start from scratch, or any discounts, he has options. I can also visualize to see how this online page is, this online page is called, which I like. This would be the desktop model, the cell phone model. And he gives me the option to use this model or if I want, I can go back and choose another model that I like more. Very well. The online pages, obviously, to communicate with clients, send promotions, to make a load of rich materials, then they make part of marketing strategies, and marketing planning. Of course, he is a product that brings me analysis too. I can get what is happening inside my system within the own platform. Everything you see in the platform is highly customizable. It is highly customizable. It is not enough for your company to be successful, it can also be used. Our team of implementation, our team of sales, is doing a work with four hands to understand the best demands of our client and customize the platform in a way that it is even more accessible to our clients. Right? I get the reports very well. Let's now go to the administrators' settings. Here it is literally where everything happens. As any other system, it can give different permissions for people to be different. So if I have my sales workers working, they don't need to access the marketing area. They don't access the sales, the sales, the negotiation, the management, they will import data to know the best sales platform. But if it's not a team that will use the marketing data, you don't need to have this autonomy of use and also the opposite. All these permissions are determined here within the administrator's panel of the system. Right? Looking at each of the items, we can do the configuration of the middle, the hardware and the market that we already have in the previous series. Like the signature, if I have many people different teams, I can have different types of signature. I can do the telephone configuration, the status of the agent, if I have integrated with the chat. And by talking about the chat, the FreshWorks has a chat called Fred, our chatbot, with artificial intelligence in front. So it can also be integrated into the FreshSea Suite platform. I can change the chat's language, organize my commercial schedule, from my commercial schedule, the chat can start responding to my client. I can put frequent drinks, it's also very important. This link can be put inside your site. So your clients will be able to understand a little more, the basic knowledge and make a high service, a high content. You can do other configurations, other integrations, like SMS, Facebook, WhatsApp, there's WhatsApp and Business API, and also Apple Business Chat. Only some of the integrations have many others. You can change the modules with account, negotiation, sales activity, sales pipe, so I'll start to get everything that happens inside my system. You can change the coin. You can do negotiation. What is the coin that I want to use as my client? It's a dollar, it's a little bit cheap, right? And so it also gives me several options. It also gives me coins to be used inside the system. And I can also determine what are the tags, what are the other configurations, and can be imported. So as you see, if you already use another RME, you can get them here inside too. You see? And then I can organize my users, put my functions, put the territories, which are very important, or a greater company that acts in different places, even if they are cities. The territories are very important to understand how they are demanded in each of these places. And do integrations of teams of a more organized system. Very well. Here I have the analysis, I have the chatbot, I have some other configurations below, meta, activities, formulas, formulas are cool because we can put the screen in the online page. So I will create a formula here. The formula does the leadership's application. You see? It puts the RME access to it. So for me, I have the pages to make my clients and the links to the links in the build. So, one of the tools used by FreshDesk. Very well. Now you already know the system. And it's time to also know the BCCX. The BCCX is a company of digital solutions. As I mentioned, it is the partner of FreshWorks here in Brazil. The Fresh is in Brazil for five years. Indian company. It is also in the Silicon Valley. And in Brazil, in Latin America, in Europe, it has representations in many places in the world. So, a technology of extreme advance, a lot modern. It is cutting a lot in the market. So, there is a technology that helps you. The UNI is two departments, my market case, sold, and it is really possible to make the difference within your company. And to know a little more, if you are watching here below, you should be doing our website. It can be known a little more from FreshWorks, from the BCCX, or talk directly with us. It would be super interesting to be able to do a demonstration a little more particular, showing the details of the company at the moment. The BCCX is also a BPO service company. So, we also do the authorization of the agreement. So, obviously, it will be a pleasure to be able to show you our portfolio of clients and our portfolio of partners. Right? It is going to be more known. So, follow us on social networks and we will always be here to be able to take your doubts with a hug.