VÍDEO #4
======================================================================
Título: How To Use Elevenlabs - Master This AI Voice Generator in 23 minutes!
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=s7p6OLwV_50
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 25599 caracteres
Data Coleta: 09/01/2026 16:31
======================================================================

 AI Force generators have become an necessity for creating YouTube videos. And there's one tool that takes the throne when it comes to generating high quality AI voiceovers. But unfortunately, many people still don't know how to use this to its full potential. You see, every major YouTube channel that I know is using a level apps. Now there are even channels out there that you didn't know are using an AI voiceover because it's just so good. And there's a good reason why they're all using this tool. Level apps, they have the most advanced voice cloning that only takes 10 minutes to set up. And yes, this is my voice clone. Pretty cool, huh? Now, that was one of the many amazing features that the level apps has to offer. But most people can get past this annoying tick to voice. Yo, Dan, that's not nice of you. People actually like my voice. Yeah. If you're using the wrong voice from incorrectly or you don't know the ins and outs of the level apps, then the chances are that you are going to make a bad sounding voice. So that's why in this video, I will walk you through everything that you need to know about a level apps, the ins, the outs, the hidden features so that you can generate the best quality voice for your videos. The first thing that you need to do is you need to click the link in the description down below. If you sign up, you get 10,000 credits for completely free. And for this video, I would recommend using the Creator plan. Because with the Creator plan, you can get access to all the cool features that I'm going to show in this video. You can get away with the free plan, but it doesn't give you access to features like voice cloning and other cool things. Once you're signed in, you want to head over to Voices. Now there are multiple different ways of how you can use Voices within 11 apps. First, I'm going to show you the Voice Library. Within the Voice Library, you can see all of the already pre-made Voices. And these are all very professional. Now if you want to listen to a voice, you can just click on this. Just as the sailor. Trust. And I will give you a little preview. Over here on the right hand side, you can see how many people have used this voice. So the more people have used it, the more popular it probably is. And also the better it probably is. But for YouTube channels and for other type of projects, you might want to stick to an original voice. So for this, I would suggest you to click on trending and then short by latest. Then select the language that you want. Trust me, there are so many different languages in here and they're all pretty good. Like for example, I'm a Dutch person and I try this out with a Dutch voice. And the Voices are surprisingly good. Live as if you're more yourself sterven. So yeah, you probably don't understand that. But if I go back to English, then what I do with latest, I can see Voices that are not that popular yet. So I can just have a listen to them and check if I like these. So let's have a listen to Larry for example. I was at this party last weekend, right? And I put my phone down for like, that sounds pretty good. So here you can discover some really unique Voices that aren't overused like that Adam Voice for example. Now if you do want to use a popular voice, you just feel to run most users or most characters generated. So let's actually do most characters generated. Then we can see that these are the most used Voices. Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. Today we're talking. So yeah, I probably heard that Voices already like throughout YouTube. So that's why I want to show you how you can find the unique Voices. Now let me give you four examples of Voices that I really like. The first one is called Ivy, just search it up. Then it is Ivy Premium. Hi, I'm Ivy. I'm a mix of sophisticated vocabulary with notes of casual voice. Sounds pretty cool. Then I have another voice which is Aaron. Another exciting week for AI. Sounds like a good competitor to me. Then I have another one that I really like which is Alex. Being constantly connected has made it harder. Honestly, these Voices are so good. So if you want to use these Voices yourself, what you do, you click on add. And then it will be added to your voice library. If you then head over to Texas Speech, then here over here at Voice, you can select this voice right here. You can type in your message, you can generate it, and then you have your voice generated with Voices from the library. If you want to have more of a unique voice, then what you do is you click on Voices and then you go over to Voice Design. So here you can prompt a voice and you can preview it so you can make your own unique voice depending on what kind of project you have. So let's play around with it. So first of all, you can click on randomize. It will give you different type of prompts. Then you can generate these Voices and here you have three different options to choose from. So first of all, we have this one. Pelago, a living laboratory of evolution. Then we have this one. The Galapagos Archipelago, a living laboratory of M. And lastly, we have this one. The Galapagos Archipelago. So 11 laps gives you three different Voices to choose from. Now let's make our own prompt and let me explain what you need to look out for when writing your prompt. When it comes to generating your own voice, there are three factors that you need to include. Age, nationality and gender. So for example, I have here a middle-aged American female and then you can add some additional factors like for example with a soft high voice. Now you can do the tone and pitch, intonation, the speed and the emotion. So if you add all of that together, then I can for example do a prompt like this. A middle-aged American with a soft high voice, conversational, quick and cheerful. Then you can auto-generate the text or you can type in your own text if you want that. So now it has adjusted the text based on my prompt and now I can generate these Voices. For the settings, I usually just keep them at default. So for the settings, you can change around the loudness, quality and the guidance skill. Usually, level laps already does a pretty good job at it, but if you have something specific in mind, you can tweak it right here. So now let's have a listen to these Voices. Oh, hi there. How's your day going? I just picked up a new book. Oh, hi there. How's your day going? I just picked up a new book from... Oh, hi there. How's your day going? I just picked up a new book from the store. So I like the last one the most. So then you select the voice and then you can give it a name. So I'm going to do Karen, middle-aged female American. Then you can give it a label. So for the language you want to do the language that you have selected for me is English. And then you have a description and then you save the voice. So now when I go back to Texas Beach, we can select the voice right here and we can put a prompt right there. Generate it. 11 Labs is awesome, but don't forget to subscribe to Dan Keeft. Just listen to Karen. So that's the second way of how you can generate your voice. Now the next method is a lot more exciting to me because this method is used by YouTubers, is used by professional speaking people. So everyone that needs to have a good sounding voice over uses this next method. Now the method I'm talking about is called voice cloning and within the level apps there are two ways to do that. The first way is using the instant voice clone, which is the easiest method and the second method is using the professional voice clone, which is the best method. Now for the professional voice clone, you can only do it with one voice and with the instant voice clone you can generate a ton of different voices using this feature. So keep in mind with the professional voice you also need to have the creator plan. Now for the instant voice, what we do is you can just record audio right here or you can upload your file. I've already done this so you can just upload 30 seconds of your voice and then you give it a name and then let me just go back. Then you go back to Texas Beach, then you click on voice and here you select the voice over that you've just generated. So that is my voice right here. Then you can generate this text right here. You can adjust all of the settings. I will get in depth on what the best settings are in a little bit. But first let me just generate this 11 laps is awesome, but don't forget to subscribe to Dan Keith. Now this sounds already pretty good, but now let me compare this to my professional voice, which is this one. 11 laps is awesome, but don't forget to subscribe to Dan Keith. Now that voice sounds more like me now to create your professional voice, what you need to do is you need to click on this professional voice clone right there. You need to go through all of these steps. You need to have a really high quality mic. They recommend using an XLR mic. So that is an XLR microphone plugged into an audio interface. Now you need to create a new clone right there. Then watch this video. They explain literally what you need to use. Use a pop filter, keep the recording noise free, record it in a room that has been sound treated. So for example, my room here has been sound treated like they want you to use the best voice ever. So once you have done all of this, then you can upload like 30 minutes of your voice. The more you upload, the more data it has, as long as it is all high quality voice. So then you can create that clone and I've done it in my other account. So I would just go back to Dan. Now let's get into the specific voice generation. The most popular feature people use is text to speech. So let's dive into that. So here in text speech, I have this example script right there. Now for the voice, it doesn't matter if you use your own voice or any of the voices that you have available in this list. So I have this voice right there. Then for the model, I would suggest using a level left V2 as this higher quality and then you have a few different toggle features. Now let me explain to you by showing examples of what the difference is because otherwise you don't understand because you have speed, stability, similarity, style, exaggeration and you can add in speaker boost. Now we're speed. Let me show you three examples. So first I'm going to do it at like a low speed. Then I'm going to do it at a default speed and then I'm going to do it at a fast speed. So have a listen to this. Elevener labs is really good. But there are some technical aspects you need to know like the customisation options. Elevener labs is really good. But there are some technical aspects you need to know like the customisation options. Elevener labs is really good. But there are some technical aspects you need to know like the customization options. In my opinion, the speed at one are a little bit faster is usually the best. Next up, we have stability. Now for stability, this can have a huge difference on the outcome of your voices. So with stability, the more you put it to the left, the more emotional it will become. But keep in mind if you put it below the early, then it will be a bit more unstable. 11 Labs is really good. But there are some technical aspects you need to know. Like the customization options. As you can see, the voice gets a bit more playful. We have added the uh and we have a bit of an emphasis on the work built. Now next up we have stability at 50%. So this is the default setting. 11 Labs is really good. But there are some technical aspects you need to know. Like the customization options. This just sounds normal. And then lastly, I can put the stability at like 90%. 11 Labs is really good. But there are some technical aspects you need to know. Like the customization options. What this does, it makes sound a bit robotic to me. So the more stable, I'm not sure if I like it that much. Now for similarity, I'm actually gonna switch over the voice to my voice because then we can listen to how similar it sounds to my voice. So here we can play around with it. By default, it's on 75%. Now the lower the similarity, the less it sounds like me. The higher the similarity, the more it sounds like me. But keep in mind, you might want to give a bit of room there because if you make it too high, then it might sound a bit glitch. Before I give you the example, let me first do this voice over myself. My Lever-LEPS is really good but there are some technical aspects you need to know like the customization options. Now here's the similarity at 5%, the Lever-LEPS is really good but there are some technical aspects you need to know like the customization options. Then we have the similarity at 75%. 11 Labs is really good but there are some technical aspects you need to know like the customization options and lastly we have 100%. A Lever-LEPS is really good, But there are some technical aspects you need to know like the customization options. So yeah, let me know in the comments down below which one sounds the most like me. The last setting that I have is style, exaggeration. So with this, it's by default on zero and the more you move it to the right, the difference or the more it amplifies your voice style. So for example, your accent, your tonality, the pauses or how you pronounce certain words will be amplified. So here's my voice at 0% 11 laps is really good, but there are some technical aspects you need to know, like the customization options. Here's my voice at 50% 11 laps is really good, but there are someół technical aspects you need to know, like the customization options. And here's my voice at 100 % 11 laps is really good, but there are some technical aspects you need to know, like the customization options. I would recommend for you to experiment with this, just listen to what sounds best with your voice. Lastly, I would recommend to keep speaker boost on. This will take you a bit longer to generate, but it enhances the voice, so it is a lot better. Now let's dive into a bit of prompting, because most people just don't think they're scripted and they expect a good outcome. But if you're not using these kind of prompting techniques, then you don't have full control over the output of your voice. For example, when it comes to prompting, you can have control over two things. The pauses in between the words that have been set and the emotion. Now these are two very important factors when it comes to generating your foyzo. So first of all, let me explain to you the pauses. There are multiple different ways of how you can do it. This first method is to add in a break time. So with this break time, the pauses will be like 1.5 seconds long. You can also add in a longer paus and then it sounds something like this. Maybe, but maybe. You should like this video. So yeah, that is the break time. Then the second method is the use of just the word break. So put it in between these brackets and then we generate the speech. Maybe, but maybe. You should like this. So that's a bit of a shorter break. Now there's also one other way that I use quite a lot, which is the three dot dot dot, or like this stripe that I have right there. So now I generate this. Maybe, but maybe you should like this video. It might take you a few tries to regenerate them. That's always what I do. Like regenerate speech, tries comes out better than downloaded. Just use the one that you'd like to most. So these are the three different methods of how you can add in pauses to your voice over. But let's add them all together and see what we get. What can I say about them? It's a bit difficult at first. That's for sure. But you'll get used to it. So yeah, there you have them all added together. And you can pick the one that you'd like the most to add pauses to your voice over. Now let's add in a bit of emotion to your voice. And this part is a bit tricky because for this, we kind of like need to prompt it while doing our Texas speech generation. For emotion, it's actually a lot better to use this voice changeer feature, but I will get to that in a bit. So first of all, let me just get the prompt right here. So I have this Santa Claus voice. If I just generate the speech and sounds like this, I am the best. Now if I add in this dialog text, so for example, the text is like he claimed excitedly, then I get a completely different voice. I am the best. He exclaimed it. So yeah, that first I am the best was way more excited than the previous one. The only drawback here is that you need to remanually remove this from your voice over. So you need to make cuts in there. That's the only thing that's annoying while using this type of emotion in your prompting style in Texas speech. Next up, we have the voice changeer. And this is such a cool feature. So for this, I have this example right here. So right now I'm using the arabela voice. If I generate this speech, then it sounds like this. I hate him so much. He is such an idiot. Now let's say I want that this voice is way more dramatic. What I can do is I can head over to the voice changeer. Here I can record audio. So I select my recording equipment, select the highest quality mic you have, and then you click on start, and then you say what you want to say. So let's do this. I hate him so much. He is such an idiot. Then we generate that speech. I hate him so much. He is such an idiot. And then it uses my speech to generate the new voice of arabela using my sample. So with that, you might want to change around the stability and the similarity a little bit, because it might sound a bit weird. For example, for me, I would suggest if I do a male voice, it might sound a bit better. So let's do it one more time. So let's record a new audio. Yo, this Dan guy. He's pretty cool, you know. I think I should subscribe to his YouTube channel. What do you think? Then we generate speech. Yo, this Dan guy. He's pretty cool, you know. I think I should subscribe to his YouTube channel. What do you think? Sounds pretty cool. So that's the voice changeer. It basically speaks to speech. You can just import your own file in there, and then it will generate a different voice for you. That allows you to have so much more control over whatever you have in your mind. Next up, we have a tool that is super useful for anyone that has a noisy room. It is the voice isolator. If you want to find it, you go to audio tools, then you go to voice isolator, and here you can either upload your file directly, or you can record your audio. So let's record an audio. I have here a chainsaw effect going on. So let me just speak to it. Yo, dude, I'm not sure if you can hear me. There is actually a chainsaw going on outside. What do you think? Can you hear me or not? Okay, so let's listen to that. Yo, dude, I'm not sure if you can hear me. There is actually a chainsaw going on outside. Now the crazy thing here is it's using my MacBook microphone. So that's not even my good mic. But let's isolate the voice. Yo, dude, I'm not sure if you can hear me. There is actually a chainsaw going on outside. What do you think? Can you? So that's super cool. The whole noise is removed. So this is a super powerful feature for anyone that has a noisy surrounding is sitting outside. Even if you're in a busy place where a lot of people are working, then you can use this isolate voice feature and it sounds so much better. Moving on, we have these sound effects. If you go over here to sound effect, then over here right there, you can see all of these different sound effects that you can choose from or you can just prompt it. So for example, what I can do is I can do this prompt, cats purring loudly, then I can click on generate. And now it will generate a few different samples for me. So it gives us four different samples. So let's listen to the first one. Second one. I mean, it does sound like cat purring, but you can do this with any type of sound effects. For example, here I have a truck reversing. Moping a floor. Alien spacecraft taking off. Like honestly, this is just so cool. Like you can generate any type of sound effects using a level apps. Now that you know how to use a level apps, let me show you a few more cool features that I think are worth mentioning. The first one is the studio. Then here we have a few different options to choose from. We can create an entire audio book, so let's actually do that. So we can upload or content file right here. Now I have this file right there, so let's download it as a PDF. And now we can import it and upload it. Then we can choose our voice. For this voice, I'm going with Declan, which is a storyteller. And then I'm going to leave the settings on default. Then we hit create. And now this audio book will cost you like 60 seconds to create. And if you use this within Fiverr, it will actually cost you like $35 per thousand worth. So this will cost you around like 60 seconds. And now we can use this. And if we just play this. In steel training, Goggins was surrounded by pain, freezing ocean swim. So you can do this for an audio book, but you can also do this for a user video. So if you start from scratch, then for example, I have this video right here, which is from Mr. Creepypasta. They might be using an 11 laps voice. So what I do is I have the transcripts. Then I put their transcripts into 11 laps right here. And then I can change the voice over to let's do a girl in this case. And now we can have a listen to it. My father disappeared when I was young. It was the only tragedy of my childhood. The sort of news. So yeah, that's really good. So you can use this voice. Overlay it like they are using like they're overlaying it with a visual right there. And then you have the storytelling videos that you can upload directly on YouTube. So that's one of the other ways how you can use studio. The next feature is the voice over studio. And this again is in audio tools, voice over studio. And then you can create a new voice over. I already have my project right here. So what you can do is you can import any of your clips. I have this clip over girl lighting a candle. It's made with AI. And then what you can do is you can add in different tracks by clicking anywhere on the timeline. You can type in your audio. It could either be an SFX track or it could be an actual like voice audio. So I have this audio right here, which is there's only one rule. If the candle stays lit, I'm safe. So let's actually have a listen to this. There's only one rule. If the candle stays lit, I'm safe. So yeah, we got this super cool sound effects. Everything has been generated with AI. The visual, not done by a level app, but the visual is generated with AI. Then we have the voice over. We have the SFX. We have the riser. We have even this girl screaming. All generated using AI. The cool thing is you can have full control over your voices. So for example, here you can also use that voice to voice feature where you use your own voice and change up the audio. Next up, we have dubbing. And this is super powerful for anyone that wants to become a creator in a different language. For example, I'm speaking English. But I could also translate my voice into Spanish and start a Spanish channel. The way it works is we go to dubbing. Then here we can create a new dub. You can give it a project name. You use the language that you have for me that is English. Then you select the language that you want to have to output us. You can do multiple languages. And then you upload your footage or you use your YouTube video. So I have one of my YouTube videos in this project. And then we create the dubbing project. So you can change the number of speakers that you have. You can change the time duration. Or you can even disable the voice clone. So let me give you an example of how this works. So I already have this project, which is my video that I've dubbed. And what you can see is detecting the text that you're saying. And then it's translating it into Spanish. It does the same for different languages. So you can check out if the translation is right. And then you can see the dubbing. You can compare the original to the Spanish version. And let me just give you an example of what that sounds like. So here I have the Spanish version. So the cool thing is I have different characters with different voices. And it even dupts their voices in their original voice, but in a different language. Can do the same for Hindi. And lastly for Chinese. So the cool thing is I have different characters with different voices. If you speak any of these languages, let me know how does it sound. Now lastly, if you want to try to level up yourself, you can get started for completely free. If you use a link in the description, you will get 10k credits for completely free. And if you're serious about it, then I would suggest using the creator plan. With the creator plan, you can get all the features that you need. If you need a bit more credits, then I would go with the pro or the skill plan. This is for the most like, YouTube accounts that have like a ton of different videos that they generate. Usually either the pro or the creator plan would be enough for you. Now if you have any questions about the tool, let me know in the comments down below. And if you want to know how you can make your own custom AI avatar, then check out the video that's on the screen right now, where I explain how you can turn this 11-lapt voice into a full spoken AI avatar for your face as YouTube channel.