URL: https://www.activecampaign.com/about
Data Coleta: 28/12/2025 22:58
Tamanho: 16259 caracteres
======================================================================

About Us | ActiveCampaign
Skip to content
We’re building the future of marketing
Meet the team behind the autonomous marketing platform that turns marketers, agencies, and business owners into strategic leaders, with Active Intelligence that guides decisions and AI agents that execute flawlessly at scale.
About our team
What we do
Our
autonomous marketing platform
handles your marketing–including email campaigns, SMS messages, WhatsApp chats, and more–but instead of you doing all the work, Active Intelligence guides your strategy and handles the heavy lifting. You focus on your business goals while AI agents imagine, activate, and validate your marketing for you.
Imagine
We help marketers build out their strategy with AI-backed recommendations, smart segmentation, next best action suggestions, and powerful generative AI tools.
Activate
We help marketers execute their strategy with AI agents that create content, deploy campaigns across channels, optimize performance in real-time, and manage the entire customer journey.
Validate
We help marketers prove their strategy with unified reporting, goal tracking, performance insights, and AI-backed recommendations that show what's working and what to optimize next.
OUR STORY
We help small teams power big business
We started with a simple belief: growing businesses shouldn't be limited by their tools and resources. While enterprises had access to sophisticated marketing intelligence, small-and-medium-sized teams were left struggling with basic platforms.
So we built something different. We started with powerful marketing automation that made advanced tools simple and accessible to everyone. Now we've evolved into the leading autonomous marketing platform that gives every business the strategic guidance and AI agents they need to compete and grow at any scale.
What's New
Careers Hub
Want to be a part of the top-rated email and marketing automation platform? Explore our open roles.
News Index
OUR TEAM
800+ global team members
With our headquarters in Chicago and offices across Latin America, Europe, and APAC, we're built to support customers around the world.
Our global team understands regional marketing needs—from GDPR compliance in Europe to timezone-specific support everywhere we operate. No matter where you are or where you're growing, we have the regional expertise and infrastructure to help you succeed in every market.
Our customers and partners are the biggest part of our story
From solo entrepreneurs to full marketing teams, plus the agencies and partners who serve them—customers across 170+ countries trust us to drive growth and success.
We help marketers, agencies, and business owners grow
Every industry, every stage, every goal—our platform adapts to help businesses achieve what matters most to them, no matter where they started.
We’ve built a community with 4,000+ Partners
Agencies, consultants, resellers, and marketing experts who know that autonomous marketing is the future—and help businesses everywhere unlock its potential.
Our values
Make the customer a hero
Focus on customers’ success and help them become heroes in their organizations
Start with trust
Trust is the foundation of every successful relationship.
Pursue growth with gratitude
Grow gratefully and make a positive impact on others and our communities.
Cultivate inclusion & diversity
Embrace diversity to build an inclusive, innovative community.
Create WOW!
Make every encounter memorable, positive, and rewarding.
Iterate everything, wisely
Make smart and impactful changes to reach long-term goals.
By the numbers:
14.5K+
Positive customer reviews across aggregator platforms
4 billion+
Interactions powered by our platform every week
Join our team and shape the autonomous era of marketing
We're always looking for brilliant people to join our team and help us reinvent marketing automation. Work on high-impact projects that transform businesses while building the future of autonomous marketing, where every marketer can unlock limitless potential.
Join our team
Frequently Asked Questions
Company & platform
Who we are and what we do.
What is ActiveCampaign?
ActiveCampaign’s intelligent marketing automation platform helps over 180,000 customers get more out of their marketing and sales campaigns. It gives you everything you need to create optimized customer experiences by automating many of the tedious behind-the-scenes processes to deliver more engaging interactions across the customer journey.
With integrated AI and machine learning, you get smart suggestions that point you in the right direction, help you generate on-brand content in seconds, and take your email and marketing initiatives to the next level by sending the right content to the right people–automatically.
With powerful tracking and reporting features, you can see how every customer interacts with your campaigns, and then use that data to make actionable improvements and grow your business.
Put simply: we help our customers automate their growth.
How does ActiveCampaign work?
ActiveCampaign works through various methods of site tracking, app integrations, and artificial intelligence. To get started with your account, follow the steps below:
Set up your account – Register for a 14-day free trial
here
.
Enable site tracking – Enroll in our free
Getting Started Course
for more details.
Create your first list – Check out our
Beginner’s Guide to Lists
for instructions.
Import your contacts – Importing your contacts can be a quick and painless process. Visit our Help Center’s
guide to importing and adding your contacts
to learn more.
Segment your contacts – Read our tutorial on using
ActiveCampaign’s segment builder
.
Build an automation – Building your first automation is super easy! Check out our
step-by-step tutorial
on how to create an automation.
Create and manage your sales pipeline – ActiveCampaign is also a CRM and sales automation solution. Learn how to
set up your first pipeline
or follow our
Lead Scoring 101 Guide
.
Is ActiveCampaign a CRM?
ActiveCampaign is a marketing and sales automation platform, which includes a CRM built for small-medium-sized businesses.
You can enhance the CRM with our two add-ons:
Pipelines
and
Pipelines & Sales Engagement
. This lets you choose the features that matter most to your team, and build a tailored platform that only includes the CRM capabilities that your team needs.
To find out more, visit our CRM feature page.
Do I need a lot of technical experience to use ActiveCampaign?
You don’t need to be a developer or a designer to use ActiveCampaign. Anyone can create email marketing campaigns and marketing automations on our platform. Our
Automation Recipe Library
contains hundreds of pre-built automations — no coding skills are required. If you do find yourself needing some help, feel free to reach out to our support team through our
Contact page
, or visit our
Support Center
.
Our history
Additional questions about our company and platform.
When was ActiveCampaign founded?
ActiveCampaign was founded in 2003 by Jason VandeBoom. We started as on-premise software with multiple marketing solutions for businesses. With a growing customer base and the introduction of the cloud, we cut our product line from eight solutions to one–focused on marketing automation–and transitioned to the SaaS model we offer today.
And it’s paid off. We’ve experienced explosive growth:
Growing from 30 to 1,000+ employees in just three years
Doubling Annual Recurring Revenue each year
Helping over 150,000 customers
Who owns ActiveCampaign?
ActiveCampaign is a privately-held email marketing, marketing automation, sales automation, and CRM software platform for small-mid-sized businesses founded by CEO Jason VandeBoom in 2003.
Pricing & trials
Find out more about our pricing tiers and two-week free trial.
How does the free trial work?
Our 14-day free trial allows you to test the platform with up to 100 contacts and up to 100 emails sent. The features available within our trial match our Professional tier of features. If you are on a trial account, you won’t be charged unless you manually upgrade to a paid account — you can simply let your trial expire should you not want to continue.
Can I extend my free trial?
Our trial will expire after 14 days. If you need more time, you can request a one-time extension by contacting your account executive or our support team. Please note that we may not be able to grant all trial extension requests.
How much does ActiveCampaign cost?
ActiveCampaign pricing starts at $15 for accounts with less than 1000 contacts. For more details on pricing, please visit our
pricing page
.
If you are a reseller, please visit our
ActiveCampaign resellers
page and use the discount calculator to calculate discount size and savings.
What’s the difference between annual and monthly pricing?
Annual plans are billed as a single yearly payment at a discounted rate. Monthly plans are billed every month on the date of your signup.
Setup & migration
Everything you need to know about setting up your account and migrating your contacts and data.
How do I install ActiveCampaign?
We no longer offer a self-hosted, installable solution and are now a cloud-based platform. For help and assistance with your ActiveCampaign account, please visit our
Help Center
.
How do I request a demo?
To schedule a demo with an ActiveCampaign expert, please visit our
Demo Request page
.
Can you help me migrate from another service?
Yes, we offer migration services! Based on the plan you choose, we will:
Import your lists, contacts, custom fields, and tags
Recreate opt-in forms
Recreate your automation workflows
Recreate email templates
For additional information, please visit our
Migration page
.
How do I integrate ActiveCampaign with Shopify?
Our Shopify integration is available for our Plus, Professional, and Enterprise accounts. For more details on how to integrate with Shopify, please visit our
Shopify Integration Overview
.
ActiveCampaign also integrates with other leading ecommerce platforms, including:
WooCommerce
Square
BigCommerce
Stripe
For more details on ecommerce integrations, please visit our
Ecommerce Apps & Integrations
page.
Account & billing
Questions about billing, contact limits, account set-up, and more.
Does ActiveCampaign automatically increase my contact limit?
We do not automatically increase your contact limit. You can manually increase your contact limit in your account’s
​
“
Billing & Upgrade” settings. Your account will display an alert when you approach your limit.
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept all major credit and debit cards. For annual plans we also accept PayPal, checks, and wire transfers.
Can I change my plan?
You can easily change plans at any time via your account dashboard by clicking your avatar and then
​
“
Billing & Upgrade.” If you choose to upgrade your plan in the middle of your billing cycle, you’ll be charged a prorated fee to cover that upgrade.
Do you have a setup cost?
Absolutely not. All plans include online training and support, as well as various levels of free onboarding and migration.
Setup & migration
Everything you need to know about setting up your account and migrating your contacts and data.
How do I install ActiveCampaign?
We no longer offer a self-hosted, installable solution and are now a cloud-based platform. For help and assistance with your ActiveCampaign account, please visit our
Help Center
.
How do I request a demo?
To schedule a demo with an ActiveCampaign expert, please visit our
Demo Request page
.
Can you help me migrate from another service?
Yes, we offer migration services! Based on the plan you choose, we will:
Import your lists, contacts, custom fields, and tags
Recreate opt-in forms
Recreate your automation workflows
Recreate email templates
For additional information, please visit our
Migration page
.
How do I integrate ActiveCampaign with Shopify?
Our Shopify integration is available for our Plus, Professional, and Enterprise accounts. For more details on how to integrate with Shopify, please visit our
Shopify Integration Overview
.
ActiveCampaign also integrates with other leading ecommerce platforms, including:
WooCommerce
Square
BigCommerce
Stripe
For more details on ecommerce integrations, please visit our
Ecommerce Apps & Integrations
page.
Features & functionality
Dive into the most common questions about our platform's capabilities.
What is the difference between automations, campaigns, & 1:1 emails?
Automations are useful for when you want a sequence of events to be followed. This could involve pre-sale nurturing of a contact, post-sale up-sell emails and touch points, etc.
Campaigns are one-time email messages sent to a list of opted-in contacts from the Campaigns Overview page. Common examples of campaigns are:
Product updates
Newsletters
One-time promotions
1:1 emails are personal emails sent to a single contact. These emails can be sent from a Deal record, Contacts Overview page, or a Contact Profile page. Use this feature when you want to send a single, direct email to a contact without using an automation or campaign. This lets you create and store your communications with a contact in one place. Other common use cases include:
Send a follow-up email to a lead on a Deal
Reach out directly to your most engaged contacts with coupon codes or other special offers
Can I use custom fonts in my campaigns?
While it’s possible to use custom fonts in your outgoing communications, it is not recommended as a best practice. Our drag-and-drop email designer offers a variety of fonts that are accepted by most email service providers, which means most (if not all contacts) will see the correct font in your email.
Does ActiveCampaign provide landing pages?
Yes. ActiveCampaign Pages lets you spin up an unlimited number of on-brand, high-converting landing pages in minutes.
With Pages, you can automatically create and tag new contacts when they submit a form on your landing pages, trigger automations based on visits to a page, and use a buy-now button to drive check outs from a landing page.
How does ActiveCampaign track opens?
We track opens on all HTML-based campaigns (emails created with the drag-and-drop designer or your own custom code) by embedding an invisible, 1‑pixel image in your campaign. When a contact opens your email and chooses to display the images in your email, that graphic is downloaded from our server and it’s recorded as an open.
If a contact chooses not to display images, their open may still be tracked if they click on a link in your campaign or automation email. Note that link tracking will need to be enabled for this option.
Note: It is not possible to track opens for plain text emails.
Compliance & special use cases
Read on for more information about data privacy and region-specific regulations and policies.
How can I make sure I’m GDPR compliant when using ActiveCampaign?
For more information on how to make sure you are GDPR compliant, please visit our
Support Center article
.
Can I use ActiveCampaign in a language other than English?
Our platform provides full support for the following languages:
Czech, Dutch, English, French, German, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Polish, Portuguese, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Slovenian, Spanish.
Our platform also provides partial support for the following languages:
Danish, Finnish, Simplified Chinese, Turkish, Vietnamese.
Do you offer anything special for non-profits?
Yes! We offer a 20% discount for non-profits. Simply contact us with proof of non-profit status. For new accounts, email our sales team at sales@activecampaign.com. If you already have an account and wish to apply the non-profit discount to future payments, email our support team at help@activecampaign.com.
How do I delete my account or my data?
Please view more details
here
.
Ready to take ActiveCampaign for a spin?
Try it free for 14 days.
Free 14-day trial with email sign-up
Email address
Get started
Join thousands of customers. No credit card needed. Instant setup.
Connect with all your favorite tools
Salesforce
Wix
WordPress
Webflow
Facebook
Instagram
Google Ads
Google Sheets
Calendly
Slack
Square
Typeform
Zapier
Make
Shopify
WooCommerce
Stripe
Mindbody
Clay