VÍDEO #2
======================================================================
Título: Ultimate Fireflies.ai Tutorial for Beginners (2024)
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=ehjIUOaZ92g
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 21195 caracteres
Data Coleta: 11/01/2026 22:36
======================================================================

 Hey everyone, my name is Riley and this video is a complete Fireflies AI tutorial. Fireflies AI is an AI meeting assistant and in this video I will show you everything that you need to know about Fireflies including how to get this setup, how to add this to meetings, how to transcribe audio and everything else that you need to know when using Fireflies AI. To get started with Fireflies I will leave my affiliate link in the description of this video and if you sign up using that link you will be able to claim a 7 day free trial. So once we have that link opened up all we need to do is click right here on get started for free and then it's going to take us over to this area where we can choose if we want to create an account with Google or if we want to create an account with Microsoft. Now the reason that we can only go with Google or Microsoft and not just sign up with an email is because it's going to integrate with one of these calendars. So if the main calendar that you use is Google Calendar then you want to sign up with Google and make sure that you sign up with the same account that you want to use the calendar on. The same with Microsoft if you use the Microsoft calendar you want to sign up with Microsoft and once again make sure that you use the same account that you usually use for your Microsoft calendar. So we can choose which one we would like to sign up with and then in here we just go ahead and sign in with either our Google or Microsoft account depending on the one that you choose. Once we have signed in we can then go ahead and click on continue right here. Very important where it says right here at the top select what Fireflies AI can access. We want to make sure that all of these are checked. So essentially anything that it asks to access we want to check off and this is going to make sure that Fireflies works correctly and has access to everything that it needs. So once we have all of this trusted we can go ahead and click on continue and then in here Fireflies is now going to load in and we are going to be taken into our account. Once this loads in we will then be taken over to this page right here where we need to review our meeting settings and the very first thing at the top where it says enable unlimited free transcripts. We want to make sure that this is turned on and then underneath right here we can choose the meetings that Fireflies will join. So essentially the AI transcript that's going to come into your meetings record everything and transcribe it for you. In here we can choose which type of meetings it's going to join. So we can set this to only join meetings when we specifically invite it. So just to show you how this would look if I open up Google Meet right here just as an example this works with Google Meet Zoom any video conferencing software you are looking for but just in this example I will be using Google Meet. So for this option right here when you invite it what this would look like is you are already in a meeting right here and then we would go into the meeting go to people and add people and then all we would have to do is just add this email right here Fred at Fireflies.ai. So with this option it's not going to join any of your meetings automatically and you would need to go in here and add this email right here and then Fireflies is going to join. Then the second option is going to be only meetings that I own. So this is going to be on your calendar meetings that you specifically set up and invite somebody else to when you do this with meetings that I own then Fireflies AI will automatically join that meeting but only meetings that you own not meetings that you are invited to and then the final option is the most inclusive this essentially says any meeting that you join so any meeting with any kind of link like this whether you own it whether you are invited it doesn't matter if it has a web conferencing link then Fireflies is going to join. So what most people will want to do is you will want to have this for all meetings so we can set this up right there and then we can choose send meeting recaps to so when you have Fireflies in a meeting and the meeting ends it's going to send you an email essentially recapping the entire call. So in here it's going to ask who do we want to send this to only me and participants from my Fireflies team that we can set up so your internal team or everybody on the invite. In here I'm just going to go for everyone on the invite but it's completely up to you which one you want to go with. From here we can go ahead and click on continue and on this next screen this is where we can now invite any team members that you might want to have on Fireflies AI. So as an example maybe you have a sales team and you want to keep track of all of their calls you want their call breakdowns and things like this. This is where we can add those team members so that Fireflies will automatically join their calls and let you know how the calls went. All we have to do in here to add them is we need to add the email that they use for their video conferencing. So as an example if your team are using Zoom you want to take the Zoom email that they use the email that they use for Zoom and put it into here. Same with Google Meet if you are using Google Meet find the email that they use for Google Meet and we put it in here. So in this example I can add this email right here we can select it and then you can add all of the team members that you would like to add. How this is going to look on their end is they will receive an email essentially saying hey you've been invited to your Fireflies team they can then click through and create their account. So we can add all of these people right here let's go ahead and invite and next we can actually sign up and claim this seven day free trial. So all we need to do is click on start free trial right here. We can choose if after the seven day free trial do we want this to be built monthly or annually so we can select this right here. Enter in the card details and then once that is all set up we just click right here on start free trial. Just like that we are now inside of Fireflies so we can click on next you are already watching a tutorial so we don't need to go through the tutorial right here. One important point is on this screen right here where it says do you zoom if you do you zoom as opposed to Google meets then we want to go ahead and click on connect right here and then you can go ahead and connect up your zoom account. So you would just fill this in zoom would then be connected up and then with this once this is set up then Fireflies will be able to automatically join your meetings because you've linked this with zoom but for now I'm just going to leave this off and I'm just going to use Google meets in this example. So right here we are now fully signed up to Fireflies and this is going to be the homepage right here. So down here on the left hand side we can see all of the different areas of Fireflies AI and we will take these each one by one. So if we start out with the home tab right here this is the my feed section. So what this is going to do is any meetings that you join it's going to show you the meeting title and then it's going to give you a super quick breakdown of the meeting. Then what you can do is if you want more detail we just click on the title right here and then this area is going to give those the much more in detail transcription. So that should make sense in the home tab we just have a super quick meeting recap and then if you want more information about this or we can click in and this is going to take us over to the main transcription area and with all of this this can look a little bit confusing but we will touch on this later in the video. Going back to the home area though we can also flick along to tasks right here and this is not really tasks like you see in a lot of other apps. Essentially all your tasks are all your calls. So essentially what we can do is if we just click on you it's going to ask us to either upload an existing video that we have recorded schedule a new meeting add to a live meeting. I don't know if this is a good thing to be called tasks but it is. What we can also do is up here if you have any project management tools like a sauna Monday dot com Trello or click up then we can click on connect right here and then all of your tasks will be taken over and scheduled into these project management tools. Going along to the next section we also have AI app and this is a very very cool tool that I really haven't seen in a lot of the other AI meeting assistance. Essentially what we do in here is we can choose what type of meetings we usually have and set our preferences and then it's going to recommend us different types of AI that we can add onto fireflies and get some more features out of this. So as an example we have the customer satisfaction scorecard. So this is going to be for like a customer service team or something like this when there are on calls or when they are talking to people at the end in the summary it's going to give you a scorecard of the overall conversation and how satisfied it thinks the customer is. So we can do this for anything if we go for sales for example we can say that I am a sales consultant we can then click along we can say concise and then it's going to give us the medic sales app. So when we go into the transcription area this is going to tell us all of the different metrics it's going to identify pain decision criteria and it's going to tell us this at the bottom in the summary section. So those are the three main tabs at the top over here on the left hand side we can see the note take a right here and this is just where we can change the settings at any time between when we want it to join who we want to send the email recap through so we can set that right there and then down here at the bottom you will be able to see all of the upcoming meetings that you have on the calendar that is linked to fireflies your team will have the exact same thing. So let's say we have a sales rep that we have set up on the fireflies they of course have their own calendar linked to this well this will be customized for them and they will be able to see their specific meetings that they have coming up. Finally in this home section what we can also do is add this to a live meeting. So just to show you how this would look let's say that we are in a meeting for example and the reason that this would be useful is let's say that we have this setup right here to auto join only on meetings that you own but then in this example somebody invites you to a meeting you realize you do want fireflies in there but it hasn't joined automatically then what we can do is we can add this to a live meeting. So we just click on add to live meeting and then all we have to do is I'll just go in here and we can call this test meeting and then all we have to do is grab the Google Meet link or the zoom link whichever video conferencing software you are using we just paste it in here then of course we choose the language click on start capturing and it is going to take a few seconds but fireflies is then going to ask to join. So what I'm going to do is I'll just skip this because there's probably going to be about 10 seconds here of dead space but then just like that we can see somebody wants to join this call by your flies air and not takeer so all we have to do is admit them to the call and then it's going to join the call right here. So this is actually going to join as a person you can see that there are in the meeting but this is just going to be a blank screen right here. So that's how you can set that up right there and how you can add fireflies to a live meeting. So that is the home section we can then go down to meetings right here and this is just going to show you an overview of all of the meetings that you have had. So you can see your own meetings you can see all of the meetings for you and your team combined and then you can see it shared with me. So this is any other users on fireflies if they share a call with you because they want you to review it but it's going to show up right here. What you will also notice in the meetings area is we can schedule meetings we can add to a live meeting we don't need to cover these but you can also upload a pre-recorded meeting let's say that you record your Zoom calls while we can upload past meetings and we can get fireflies to transcribe this summarise this and everything else. So what I will do is because I don't have any meetings I'm going to upload one of my YouTube videos and then what we can do is actually go into the summarisation area and I will show you what all of this screen means. So now this is loaded in we can see in the meetings area we have Apex versus ShockBite so this is essentially a comparison of two Minecraft hosting providers. The reason that I tell you this is just so you understand what these summary means. So we can open this up right here and this is the main transcription screen the main summary screen for each one of the meetings that you transcribe. So over here we can just see a text transcript of the entire meeting or in this case the entire video. So nothing super special right here we just have the text we can go to certain elements and I can click. The first thing to take a look at is when you come to these and as you can see it's going to play the audio show me the text and everything right there. Then in the middle right here this is where we can see a summary of the meeting or in this case of the video. So we can see an overview this is a product comparison focused on detailed analysis of Apex versus ShockBite hosting. So we can see down here we have notes between the start and 36 seconds this is an introduction and overview we then have a pricing comparison we can see all the pricing right here customer service comparison server hardware comparison and then down here at the bottom we have a conclusion. This is at the bottom section if you remember earlier when I spoke about over here we can put these AI apps on. If I was to go for example and turn on this customer satisfaction scorecard wouldn't really make sense for the video that I created but you know what I mean what we would then see is right here at the bottom this is where it would show the customer satisfaction scorecard. Over here on the left hand side we have smart search so this is for if we want to find anything in particular. For example if I want to go to the pricing I can highlight the pricing and then over here on the transcript it's going to show every single time that I mentioned anything to do with pricing. We can then see the sentiment of the video so 53% of the video was neutral and we can see that right here if I want to dive into the negative aspects I can go ahead and click on this and then we can see everything that was negative. We can also go ahead and if we have multiple speakers we can choose between which speaker we want you get the idea there. So those are the notes we can also go over to the video and if we click on play you can see it's going to highlight the piece of text that we are at so we can see this whilst watching the video. What we can also do is over here on transcript we can highlight these certain elements and then right here you can see we have a few different options. So the first is to add a comment I can add a comment right here and comment on this particular part of the video. This is different to the comment section that we have over here on the left hand side. This is general comment so I could go in here and just say this video is awesome and then of course me and the rest of my team will be able to see this they can comment they can reply they can leave their own comment but over here I could like highlight a certain section and I could say in this specific section right here I like this and then it's going to say this for this specific section right here. Another thing that we can do is create a sound byte. Now what a sound byte is is I'll show you this menu but you can essentially create playlists of specific sound bytes. So as an example I might go in here and let's say that I'm running a sales team right and I might want to have the close as as a specific playlist. So my team can go in and there can see the different closes that everybody on the team has done. So what I would do is in this example let's say right here this is the close well I can highlight this I can go create sound byte and this is just going to save and create a sound bout right here. So I could say Riley close one we can title this we can then add to a playlist so we can choose to add or create a playlist let's call this closes and then create and then we can choose who can access this and click on done and just like that this is now going to be added to the playlist which I will show you in a second. So that is the main transcription area right there let's just go back to home and the next thing that we will touch on is of course going to be the playlist. So if I go into the playlist area I can see all of my playlists I can create new playlists I can click into playlists and then in here for some reason this hasn't loaded in yet but it will do in a second but then all you would need to do is if you want to create a new playlist is we can add soundfights we can choose the sound byte we just created and add this in right there perfect so this is now added in. So that is the playlist section right there you can create specific playlists that you would like we then have contacts at this is essentially when you have meetings you will have specific people that you meet with. So let's say that you have David. So David is maybe a client well what this is going to do is this will add David's contact in here you can click into David and then you can see all of your meetings with them it's going to create an AI bio and a few different things it will do in here. We can then go to uploads this is where you can upload pre-existing files or meetings that you have and this is the main section of Fireflies these are the main sections that you will be using. From here we can then go down and these next sections is integrations so these are all of the different apps that we can integrate with Fireflies for example close is a CRM we have project managers and if you click into each of these it will show you exactly what the tool will do. Transcript recordings and notes from your meetings will be seamlessly sent to Bamboo HR with this one. We can back out of this let's go to a project management this is going to create tasks in click up from AI assisted meetings so you can see whichever tool you want to connect we click in we can connect right here and then go ahead and connect this up then going down we have apps so this is the same menu that I showed you earlier but just in more detail where we can go in and we can add these AI apps on for the customer service for the sales assistant anything that we want to add here and these are all free like you can turn on as many as you like this would be a little overwhelming so I wouldn't recommend turning on too many but you could turn them all on if you would like. Going down we then have a topic tracker so what this is going to do is this is going to help you search and highlight relevant parts of a meeting so let's say in here that we want to go for once again let's go for the close of a call so we can say that this is the close and what keywords would be said around the close so this is going to be things like price we can add in right there then price is going to be added in we could add in like a dollar sign because of course this is going to be transcripted so anytime we mention a price once again we could go for let's move forward and anytime that somebody says one of these things it's going to basically clip that and save it to the topic of close right here so we can then go in and click on add and then down here we can see we now have the close topic all of the keywords that need to be said and then we can turn this on for teammates so it tracks their calls as well then we have analytics over here which is just going to show us all of the analytics so total number of fill-a-words, total number of questions asked, monologues how long we're spending conversations we just get a very nice overview right here we can then see our team and all of the members that we have this is where we can add team members at any time in this area we can then go to upgrade this is where you can choose the plan that you want to go for and finally we have settings so in here we can just go down honestly you really don't need to play around with any of these it might be worth coming in to hear right at the start when you first set this up and just changing any settings that you might want to set up but overall that is how you can use by your flies AI if you found this video valuable don't forget to smash that like button and tap that subscribe button and until next time take it easy