VÍDEO #4
======================================================================
Título: The ONLY Clay Tutorial You Need in 2025 (For Beginners)
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=kY5E4wl8wlA
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 41380 caracteres
Data Coleta: 12/01/2026 00:01
======================================================================

 1,227 leads enriched in under 6 minutes using just two data sources. Hello, I'm Xavier and this video I'll show you exactly how to use clay the complete beginner tutorial covering everything you need to know, the features, the pricing, how to build your first table and by the end of this video you'll have a solid foundation to start building your only list and album campaigns. And trust me, we're going to cover a lot. So if you're clicking on this video thinking clay is so complex, there's too much to learn. Don't worry, I'll walk you through everything. And it's actually way easier than most people think. If you're not familiar with clay, it's a data enrichment and go to market automation platform that basically allows you to build your entire album motion in one place. I've been using clay for almost two years now to run my agency one way. Where a go to market agency specializing in cold email for B2B SaaS companies. We've used clay to help our clients generate over $100 million in pipeline and I'm telling you any B2B company that I start, I would be using clay to power the album. It's really that powerful. The reason is simple, clay gives you access to 105 plus data sources, AI-powered research and lets you automate the entire prospecting process. But here's the thing, it can also replace a bunch of tools you're already paying for. If you're paying for Apollo, Zoom info, LUSHA and a bunch of other data tools separately, clay can consolidate most of that into one platform and actually save you money. And I have to mention, if you use my affiliate link in the description, you'll get 3,000 free credits when you upgrade your plan. That's about $150 worth of enrichment credits to get you started. Alright, now before we dive in, I need to tell you the number one thing that helped me master clay and it's the same advice I give to every client we onward. You need to get your hands dirty. You need to actually follow along, click around and build things yourself. Don't just watch this video and think you're learning. For example, let me tell you what happened to me. I watched a ton of clay tutorials. I thought I understood it, but I was still confused. Then I spent an entire week locked in my friend's James's basement doing nothing but building clay tables. No distractions, just me. Clay and a mission to figure this thing out. And by the end of the week, everything clicked. I understood the logic, the workflows, the integrations, all of it. So I really encourage you, pause this video when you need to, open clay in another tab and build alongside me. That's how you'll actually learn how to use this platform. Alright, now let's talk about what clay actually is. And of course, let's talk about pricing. Clay has a few different pricing tiers. There's a free plan to get started. And then there are paid plans that scale based on how many credits you use per month. So Clay offers a free plan. So you get 100 credits per month. You get to use their Claygent, which we're going to cover a bit later in this video. In my opinion, it's the most powerful feature that they have. So the fact that it's offered for free in their free plan, really good sign. You get to roll over your credits. That means if you don't use your 100 credits for this month, it will be added for next month. So you'll have 200 credits and you'll get access to all of their integrations. The next plan is their starter plan. It's for $149 per month. You get 2,000 credits. You get up to 5,000 searches when you're building clay tables, which also will cover a bit later in the video. And in addition to all the features we just mentioned, you get to have the scheduling feature, which is really handy. So the things that we build in clay sometimes can be triggered by either actions or you can trigger it based on time. So you can say, okay, I want this clay table to run once a week or so on. Again, I promise this will all make sense very soon. You get to enrich phone number data. You get to add your old API keys and you get to have signals. So signals you're used to build really clever workflows such as website visitors or Twitter mentions and so on. Inquires when investing a lot of their R&D into this. And again, you're going to hear me say this 10 times more in that in a bit. The next plan is their Explorer plan, which this plan, I'll be honest, is usually enough for most people watching this video. This one, you get 10,000 credits per month. You get up to 10,000 searches per month. You get everything that I've mentioned so far in addition to integrating with any HTTP API. This allows you to build very custom workflows with any app even if it's not in the integration providers that clay has. You get to have web hooks. This is easily my favorite feature. You get to build really, really cool workflows with web hooks. You get email sequencing integration so you can launch cold email at scale, which again, most people are probably watching this video because of this. And then you can exclude people or company filters. It's also really good for list building. The next plan is the pro plan. For $800 per month, you get 50,000 credits per month. So a pretty big jump. And then you get up to 25,000 searches. And you get everything I've just mentioned in addition to CRM integrations. Now this plan is usually suited for companies that have HubSpot, Salesforce, Pipedrive, and they want to sync up their data with their CRM. So fun fact for you, most of Clay's use case is actually for CRM integration. This is extremely handy if you have a very cluttered CRM. You have multiple salespeople that are constantly updating the CRM. That are constantly going into the CRM to find out who should I be reaching out to that we spoke with three months ago. Are they still at the job and so on? This feature right here, even though there's only one difference, and then the price goes up by more than double, it's really worth it. So I would definitely recommend this if you are a company that is using like a big CRM to like the HubSpot or the Salesforce of the world. And then the last plan is enterprise. So this is going to be custom based on your use case. You will get everything I've just mentioned in addition to unlimited rows. So this will be really handy if again you're a really big company and you're going after a lot of people. There's a there's a role limit that Clay has on all the other plans. You get 40 action columns per table. So actions essentially refer to things that you do in Clay. So if you don't have enterprise, you're limited with enterprise. You get to have 40, which is quite a lot. AI prompting support can be pretty handy. Data engineering for snowflake dedicated Slack support. Credit reporting analytics because at that point you'll probably be spending a lot of money. So you should have more exposure on where your money is going. They offer that and SSO. So this is the breakdown of place pricing. And now let's talk about what credits are exactly because you can see from the outside looking it looks like the pricing is based on credits. So let me break down what credits are. I want you to think of them as tokens. Most enrichment actions cost credits. So finding an email might cost anywhere between one to three credits depending on the provider. Running AI research might cost five to ten credits. The more you use Clay, the more credits you'll need. But the good news is that Clay has over 105 data providers built in. So you can waterfall through multiple sources to get the best data coverage without paying for each tool separately. And I cannot stress enough how important what I just said is because Clay's most useful feature that people overlook is the testing feature. So before Clay existed before I use Clay, I would have to go sign up to like ten different tools in order to know which is good, which is bad. And I would actually end up spending way more than three hundred and forty nine dollars. Because again, that's the plan I'm going to recommend to most people watching this video. But with the three hundred forty nine dollar plan, I get ten thousand credits, allow me to test and figure out which let's say email provider in this example is best suited for me. Because you know, the email providers usually have different coverage depending on who you're targeting. And this to me is a huge unlock because it allows me to test on a major discount. And once I know which tool is right fit for me, then I can go to that tool and I can purchase however many credits or even purchase an enterprise deal with them and then save quite a lot of money. Now we're in the part of the video where I think we should start building a clay table. So let me show you how to do that. So when you log in to clay, you'll see what I'm seeing right now. And you want to just get started by clicking on either new or you can click on import CSV. If you have one or if you're on a more expensive plan, you can import from your CRM or you can get started right away by finding companies or finding people. For beginners, I recommend on clicking either on find companies or find people. So if you click like this, you're going to get this view. Now Clay's been doing a great job at continuing to update the user experience. So if you're watching this video a couple months from E-posting, it looks a bit different. Don't panic. It's going to be relatively the same. Just take a second to look around and you will be able to figure your way around. So what I'm looking at now is I have a lot of options to include a lot of different filters depending on who I want to target. So we're just going to go ahead and try to build our lead list together. So let's say the industry that I want to go after is I'll go with software. Okay. And then let's say company size I want to go after bigger companies. So let's say 501 to 200 and 200 1 to 500. I want them to have raised money, but not a crazy amount. I'm actually going to cancel this. So just anywhere between a couple hundred thousand to ten million, let's say. Let's go to actually the AI filters. I like quite a lot. They added this recently and it's a big time saver. So I'm going to say I want B2B companies and then revenue streams. Let's go with subscription reoccurring. Okay. And then locations going to be a big one. So as you can see the number by the way, obviously keeps going down because I'm adding more filters. So I'm going to say I want to go after companies in the US. So how many is that? 691. Let's add Canada as well. We're at self-fifty four. Let's add United Kingdom. And then I'm also I speak French. So I'm going to do France. 950. That's good. That's good enough for me. You can add more filters. You can exclude companies. So if you have a DNC list, what you can do is you can have a separate spreadsheet. Because like clay is basically a very smart spreadsheet is how I like to say it. So you can have another spreadsheet in clay where you track all the companies that you don't want to contact. And then you can say, okay, exclude any company from and then you select that table. So pretty straightforward. You can also build look like lists. So you can say, you know what? I want companies similar to my company like one way the IO. So I can do this and then it will start recommending companies that are similar to mine. Okay. And then you can also write a description of the product and service that these companies have. And this is really clever that clay did because it actually saves you a lot of credits and AI usage. Because back in the day, we would have to do it by essentially scraping the website and asking AI, okay, based on the scraping, does this offer X, Y, and Z. So you can do that. But just for the sake of the video, I don't overrun you. I'm just going to add these very simple filters, okay, and I'm going to click continue. Okay, so what I'm going to do for here is show you actually two views. This view right now is what we just created together. But I want you to understand that this is how you would start. Like if you want to start from scratch, it's literally just this, right? It's just a spreadsheet and then you can add columns to it, right? So let me go over what every single one of these are. And then I promise I think it's going to make it easier when we go back to here. Okay. Okay, so now what we're looking at is a clay table and you can have multiple clay tables in a workbook. Okay. So if you were to go from scratch and click on you, you can create a workbook and in that workbook, you can have multiple tables. Okay. So let's go back here. Okay. And I'm going to call this. So it's easy for us to follow is let's call it a clay to Torio company table for now. Okay. Let me explain what each of these mean. If you click on add enrichment, the enrichments are basically actions. Things that clay can do. Okay. And we're going to cover a lot of this in this video. But you can basically say find me work email, find me the company domain, find me the monthly website visitors and so on and so on. Okay. The next thing is use AI. A clay I'm pretty sure added this because it's their most used feature. So if I click on this, it's going to give me two options. Either I can explain to it what I want with just plain English, like let's say with this example, find the CEO of the company in the link to profile or I can configure it myself manually, which again, we're going to go over and attack right now. Again, guys, I'm just going through this a bit quickly to give you a bird's eye view of what you can do and then we'll dive a bit deeper. Okay. In fact, like on message here, the message drafting is for clay's newest feature to launch cold email campaigns from clay. This is going to be quite complex to explain. So I'm not going to do it in this video, but just know that this is a relatively new feature, but you could still use your favorite email sequencer provider, like smart lead instantly. But clay has it also built in into the product waterfall. This is probably one of the things that Clay is most known for. Waterfall allows you, so let's say, like, on number to pick multiple columns. And then it's exactly what the word sounds like, like a waterfall and then dictate how the workflow is going to go. So let's say step one, find me this. And if you cannot, if step one cannot find it, step two will try to find it and so on and so on. Then we have formula. This is also one of Clay's most powerful features. So the formula allows you to write in plain English what you want. And then in this course, no credits, by the way. And then it just does it for you. So for example, actually, we can quickly go back here. If I wanted, I'm going to do a really simple one. I'm going to insert one column formula. I'm going to say get the first word from and then forward slash to mention anything, description, generate. And now you're going to see first word is quartic, quartic. First word here is darwix, output is darwix and so on. So this can actually be extremely, extremely useful. And the fact that it's for free is also a great, great plus. Merge columns is exactly what it sounds like. You're merging a couple of columns together. So you get to pick the columns that you want to merge and then you put them together. And then a text also exactly what it sounds like. If I add a text column, I can just type here custom, whatever, right, text column. You can make a number column exactly what it sounds like. Currency, same thing, date, URL, email, and image from URL. And lastly, you can add a checkbox column as well. This can be handy for certain workflows. You can add a select column. So I can say here, I don't know, Facebook. Okay, then boom, or I can also say play just a little bit more neatly organized. And then you can also assign to people in your workspace. Okay, so now that you just have a very quick overview of like what kind of things you can use in the columns, let's now go back to the table that we built. So what are we looking at here? We're looking at a company table, right, pretty straightforward. So these companies, if I click on any of them, you'll see that we get a bunch of data. And this is all loaded for free. I have not spent a single dime, I've not spent a single play credit. Okay, so far this is all for free. So what do we get? We get the name, we get the size, we get type, domain, country, industry, location. We get a description, which is really handy. We get the LinkedIn URL, we get the annual revenue. If you remember, we use that as one of the filter points. Okay, and we get a bit more information based on what Clay has been able to scrape for us. Right, let me just close this off. And then we get this in a spreadsheet view, which at least to me is really handy, because the way you want to think about building workflows in Clay is from left to right. Very straightforward, right? Okay, so now what's the next step? Usually after you build a Clay company table, what do you want to do? You want to find people, right? But now let's say you want to figure out exactly what the company does. And you want to generate the output as a one liner. Like let's say you want to be able to say something like this. I'm going to do this live with you. I like to use the text column to write up my thoughts. So let's say I want to say something like, because I'm building this in order to launch an email campaign. Right, let's imagine that. And I want to say something like, hey Xavier, saw that company name helps whoever it helps with their products. They're problem. Okay, so I'm going to copy this for now. I'm going to go to use AI. And then this I'm going to show you how to use the generate AI feature. So what would you like AI to do? I want the AI to visit forward slash forward slash to mention any of the columns. So I wanted to visit the website. So see if I type domain, visit the domain and based on the content of the website. I want to visit the website. I want it to generate an output that looks like this. So that company name helps. And I'm going to be a little bit more specific here helps target ICP of that company with solution of the company. I'm going to say I want the output to be short and straight to the point. Okay, I'm going to click on generate. This is really helpful because I find a lot of people still struggle with prompt engineering. And to be fair, I even struggle with it sometimes. But this now you're letting clay do the prompting by itself. So you're going to see is generating everything for you. Okay, awesome. So now sometimes this happens. So you want to obviously proofread it. So let's see whenever you see this that means it didn't tag it correctly, which is fine. So we're going to go ahead. I'm going to erase this. I want to say saw that company name, right? And the reason why it does that is because I use this. So I'm going to actually just type it myself so that saw that company name helps. I'm going to say here target ICP with solution that the company offers. And then I'm going to go ahead and replace here. So again, guys, don't freak out this happened because I used these brackets. There we go. So saw that and we fix this up real quick. So let's see if either I see a solution cannot be found on the site. Return saw that company helps information not found and then replace as and do not add guesses. Okay, we're going to save and not run because I don't want to burn credits. Here's a quick pro tip if you click on here and then edit table settings. Turn this off auto update. This way play won't run the entire table by accident and then you get to save credits. You have no idea how much I've done this by accident and absolutely sucks. So right now let me just run a couple of these with you manually. I'm going to go ahead and delete this or just right click delete. Okay, so now now that it's done, we can look at a quick example. So says saw that court courtic helps manufacturers with AI for manufacturing decision intelligence. That's like a one liner you can use saw that Darwik's AI helps revenue teams with Jenny. I powered on the channel conversation intelligence and work for automation. You can obviously make this shorter. You can add more examples in the prompt to make it flow smoother to be honest. But again, just for the sake of this video, I want to show you why this is really helpful and how we're going to use it when we build our lead list. Okay, so now I'm going to go ahead and find the people that work on these companies. So now if you click on actions and you click on sources, then click on find people at these companies. It's exactly what it sounds like. Now we are searching based on the URLs that we have of the companies that we just felt like for. I highly recommend you build lead list like this. It's just more organized this way and it gets you to save a lot of credits and we'll see how and why in a bit. So let's say job title. I'm going to go ahead and pick owner, come and then see sweets. Okay, I'm going to be very specific here. Are you know what? No, I'm going to leave a broad. Let's do that. I'm going to say language. I need to speak English for this. You can also exclude people. So same logic as before. If you exclude the companies that that should already be enough, but you can have exclude people as well. If you're very anxious and you don't want to contact someone by accident, let's see what else location. I'm going to leave it as broad for now. And that that that that that that that should be good. I'm going to click continue. Import to new table. So you can click and drag by the way. I'm going to just put it next to the company table. So it's a little bit more organized and easier to follow through. And now we now have all this data again for free. I have not yet spent a single dime. And if I click on the cell, you'll see I get their name, the domain that they're from last name, location where they're from. And then here's what I want to show you real quick. Now let me show you why I wanted to run these with you like these three. So obviously if I have let's say just three companies are reaching out to right these three. I'm not actually just reaching out to three. I'm reaching out probably to six because I might want to reach out to two people per company. However, what I find most people miss and this is the simplest way to save credits and money on clay is that if I'm making a an album campaign that is very tailored or is very custom to the company, I'm usually using a data point that is special to the company and not the person. So if I don't do this scraping on the company level, but I do it on the lead level, then I end up spending two to three times the credits because I could have just spent it once. So for example, let's say quartic, I used this right here, right? So I spent one credit or in this case, I think it's three credits. I'm using my API key here. So I'm actually not spending any credits to do this. So if I go to find people and I search quartic just to show you, you'll see I have, looks like I have two leads from there, right? But if I scroll down to the left, okay? And I click on here and I run this. I'm gonna run both of them actually. You will see what it's doing now. It's pulling all the information I have from my company table. So now if I add this as a column, right? This is literally the output digested there. And you're gonna see I have it for both of those people. And you guessed it, I'm gonna want to use it for both of those people because it applies for both of them. But I just spent only, I spent it once instead of having to spend it twice. Okay? I really hope that made sense. If it was a big confusing, honestly either rewatch or drop a comment down below. And I will try to like send you a custom Loom video to explain to you. But whenever I hire people to work out our agency, I make sure they understand this because like we end up saving so much money and credits by doing that. But okay, let's keep going with the tutorial just to show you now what we can do here. Let's say this is an information I have and I want to launch an email campaign. And again, that is actually the second most used use case for people that use clay. I would click on actions and then I can stay in enrichment, enrichment, sorry, yeah. And I'm gonna go ahead and pick work email. Okay? Now I recommend you do the quick setup. It's just easy. You're gonna need the full name, the company domain, the LinkedIn profile and the company name. Which as you can see, clay already populates that for you automatically, which is super nice. It didn't do that when I first used clay. So you guys have no idea how much I appreciate this little attention to detail. It saves me a lot of time. And now if I click on save, I'm not gonna run. If you remember guys, I just mentioned this. We're gonna click on here, edit table settings and I always turn this off. I will only turn this on once I've configured my tables. I'll end up burning credits. And now you get this. If you click on these little arrows, it's gonna show you what's going on here. Okay? This is the waterfall. If you remember earlier in the video, I showed you here. If you click on app column waterfall, this is what that is. Okay? So what's happening here? And we're gonna run a sample just to show you. If I click on this button, I can run the first 10 rows. Which you know what? Let's do it. It's fine. And what's gonna happen is first is going to use lead magic to try to find a work email. Which lead magic is really good. So as you can see, it found almost all of the emails. It then is going to validate the email account. That's there'll be the next step. So I'm gonna turn and run this. Again, I have to do it manually now because I have it turned off just to show you like step by step what it looks like. And then that triggers, you see the reason why this has one condition that I met. Because this is pre-configured. Clay does this for you. It's basically saying if the email is found and if it's valid, then there's no need to do anything more. But in this case, an email was found but it wasn't valid. So now, if I click and I run this, it's gonna run one, two, three, four. And let's see, it found these emails. But now we need to validate these again. So it's gonna only run these four columns. And let's see, it was able to validate all of them. So now we don't need to use any of the other providers. And now if we go to the end, we have a clean output of work emails that we can use to launch our call email campaign. This is probably the feature that most sales leaders are looking at to give to their BDR team. Because the amount of coverage you can have with this is incredible. You can test like right now, we have a setup like this. But if I go on Edit Group and full configuration, I can play around who I want to be at the top. As in, if I find, let's just imagine in this example, lead magic was only able to find one email. And then if I run this on a, on a big table and then I see, okay, lead magic is not, does not have good coverage for my ICP. But then I see that, I don't know, let's say, ProsPio was able to find majority of the email accounts. Then it might be worth for me in the future to say, I'm gonna start with ProsPio, right? I'm gonna push it at the top. And then I'm probably gonna call up ProsPio and say, hey guys, we're spending a lot of click credits on you. We're ready to make the jump and pay you directly and then add our own API key in there. So that's why if you see this right here using your API key, you can configure your own API key. So let's see if I pick this one, okay, I don't have an API key with the tag map, but I can click on here and I can add an account. And then I can call it whatever Xavier that tag map and I can paste my API key here and then that's it. And I want to mention, this is not me trying to like be sneaky and tell you this is what you should do. And then I know that like go behind plays back. Clay tells you to do this. Clay is not trying to force the credit system down their throat. They actually tell you once you figure out who's the right provider goes hide up with them. Get your API key, put it in your clay account and you'll save up a lot of money. So it's also important to note that before you commit to getting API key, each provider will cost a different amount of credits. But the smart part is that Clay only charges you for the provider that successfully returns the email. So if ProsPio finds it, you will only pay for ProsPio. If lead magic finds it, you will only pay for lead magic. But now we're at a point where we have the work email. We have let's say a one liner that we generated on our company level. But what if, and let me just close this off, so it's a bit more organized, what if now I want to find something specifically based on the leads. So I want to write something really custom, really hyper personalized. So if I click on add column, I click on use AI, one thing I want to highlight is this right here, the templates. If you click, oops, if you click on here, you can click browse templates. And you can see all of the templates that either Clay themselves or the Clay community have put together for you to reuse. You can also write your own and then save it for yourself. So it'll be saved here or just here for yourself, right? But let's try to find one thing. Let's go on public. One thing that we can use. Okay, let's have a look at this. The LinkedIn profile highlights input and LinkedIn profile URL to extract three unique, noteworthy aspects, but in visual based on their background, achievement skills or interest. Each point is limited to 15 words max. This looks pretty cool. I'm going to click on it. I'm just now going to give Clay what it needs to generate this. So let me search LinkedIn LinkedIn profile. Yeah, apply templates. So for this case, I'm just going to use Clay's credit system to run this just to show you. But again, if you click on account, if you click on account, you can add your own AP Akki. I'm going to go ahead and click on save and do a run and I'm just going to run a couple of these. And while this is happening, I do want to highlight some things that you maybe you saw me just go over and not say anything about, but I will talk about it. I promise it's this section right here. So you can provide more context for the task that you have your AI doing. This is prompt engineering one-on-one. You can also set play credit budget. So this is only relevant if you have a very complex task that you're asking Clay to do. So if you know it's going to have to visit multiple websites and run for a longer period of time, this is more for, to be honest, experts or people that have spent a lot of time already on Clay, then they can increase the budget. You can choose the output format, either output say as text or you can output it as a JSON schema. This is still in beta, but it's really, really handy. You can, like let's say for example, I want to use Clay, Claygent or the AI feature in Clay to write email copy, like the entire copy. What I can do in theory is I can download a huge PDF of all the emails that I've written that or I know for sure work really well and I trust the quality of it. And I can upload it here so that this column when it runs, when I ask it to write email, it'll be using that as its source and as its inspiration for a lack of a better term to write good email copy. And then you can also add examples. So examples really underrated part of the prompt engineering process because most people just want to write a prompt and say go and do it, but the best outputs that you can get from prompting are usually backed by a big list of examples. So if you can spend time to do this, you're going to get much better quality. Okay, okay, let's have a look what it did here. So if I click on this, I can also go ahead and add it as a column if that's easier for you to, for you guys to consume the content. And if I double click, I can expand, I can see, okay, proven track record and driving strategic partnerships and business growth, expertise and leveraging technology for innovative solutions and efficiency, strong commitment to community involvement and volunteer initiatives. This is cool. Let's see here. Extensive experience, digital marketing and business strategy development, proven track record. Okay, you guys get the idea. This is now very custom made for the person. But let's say I want to do more. If I click on here, templates, let's see if we can find another one as well. Let's look at this. Use location to write email first line. Use education to write email first line. This actually I think would be really cool to see as well. Let's try this out. School. Okay, so since we don't have the school name, we're going to find it. And I'm going to show you how we're going to find it. Okay, so I'm going to add enrichment and search for LinkedIn. In rich person, you just need the LinkedIn profile or you can have the work email. And then let me search for school education, school name. That's what I want. Save and let's run it for the first three because we're going to test on the first three. Awesome. I'm going to raise it. School name. Okay, awesome. So now if I go back here and then I go to use AI templates, I think I wrote email to find it. Use education. There we go. And now school name, apply template. This is awesome. So this already has examples. Green loaded. This is really cool. Save and run. And I want to highlight you see how fast I'm going through this. Like this is what once you get comfortable with clay. And I'll be honest, like my team is way better than me at clay. I'm now the guy that makes these kind of videos and is on sales calls. My team can probably do this like 10 times faster than me. But let's see what I was able to do. I saw on LinkedIn, you attended ICF AI business school, the case-based learning approach. There sounds incredibly impactful. Okay, not bad. I saw you attended edX. How awesome is it to learn from top universities from around the world. Let's say I'm not very happy with the output and I want something a little bit more complex. Let's try this out. I'm going to spend way more credits. I'm going to use this. So the different model. And let's see if we get different quality of output. Okay, this is another thing that is really cool with clay is with LLMs. LLMs are like let's say the open AI is the German eyes and the clouds of the world. Sometimes they have different outputs and when they come up with a new model, the quality of the output can be very different. So being able to test that out within clay is super helpful. So here, okay, I saw on LinkedIn, you attended edX. Love the MIT and Harvard teamed up to democratize online learning. Still not bad. You attended Indian Institute of Management, indoor. Most of love being where the IPM program started. This I actually love. This is really, really cool. This sounds like quite conversational. So you guys get the idea. This is now you can use in your cold email output. The ClayGen use case is really up to you. Either you can use templates like I showed you or you can tell it to visit a website. You can even, there's a new clay agent feature. Let me show you real quick configure. It's the most expensive model they have. Clay navigator. So clay navigator can actually take actions on websites, fill out forms, click on navigation bars. As you can see, it's quite expensive. It's six credits, but the possibilities are endless. Okay, so where are we at now? We have a clay table with companies, decision makers, validated emails, personalized research data. From here, you can either export this to a CSV and upload it to your email tool or you can integrate clay directly with platforms like instantly, laminate or your CRM. As I mentioned earlier in the video, clay has native integrations with HubSpot, Salesforce, instantly, laminate and a dozen of other tools. So you can push leads directly into your workflows without any manual work. And here's the beautiful part. Is that once you build this table, you can duplicate it and use it as a template for every future campaign that you have. You just swap out the I-SP filters and then hit run. And that's how agencies like mine have been able to scale up on for dozens of other clients. So let's try to now add the leads into instantly. So I can go click on add enrichment. I can search for instantly and I can either update lead, but obviously I want to add lead to campaigns. I'm going to click on it. The only thing that you need to do before this is obviously you need to have a campaign inside of instantly. So as long as you have a campaign inside of instantly, you can select it from this drop down. So I'm just going to go ahead select this is a campaign that we have small BTP, such as no funding. This obviously doesn't apply to this example, but I'm using it just for demo purposes. Clay already maps out the work email so you don't need to do it, but just so you know, you can just click on here and then select something else, but obviously you don't need to. First name, it has a correct last name, has a correct company name and then for any of the personalization that we used, we can either add it here or it's easier for me to add it as a custom variable in instantly. This will probably change depending on the tool that you use, but if I just click on here and I'm going to call this, let's say school intro line and then if I go here forward slash, if remember forward slash is for you to mention or pull any of the data from the columns that you have and it's this one and then if I click another one, I can select what's another one that we used. We use another one. Well actually, this is the only one I want to use right now. So I'm going to click on delete and save and don't run and now if I click on one, it's going to add the lead to the campaign with the information. Let me actually show you how that works. So a bit small, so I'm actually going to do one in front of you real quick and then we'll delete it obviously because we don't reach out to this person. So, Suresh says add it to campaign. So Suresh says add it to campaign and if I go here, I search Suresh or we got multiple Suresh. Let's find the right one. Boom. There we go. We have his email. We know which email provider he's using. This is actually an instantly feature which is really cool and then we have the school intro line right here. Right? Now we've only scratched the surface here because click and do so much more. We can scrape Google Maps for local businesses. It can monitor LinkedIn for job changes. It can enrich your CRM with fresh data and build look-alike audiences. It can automate multi-step workflows. If you want to go deeper, we'll have to make this video like six hours long. So I highly recommend you check out Clay's University. It's a free course taught by Clay experts. You can also check out some of the Clay templates that they have. There's hundreds of pre-built workflows and if you're like me, I really enjoyed learning by joining the Clay community. You can join their Slack group and learn from other users and I find that it may not just really helpful but also fun to get to know other people that have a similar interest like you. And of course, I post the back play all the time. I post clay tutorials and workflows on this channel every week so make sure to subscribe if you want to keep learning. Alright, that's your complete beginner guide to Clay. Let's recap what we covered. What Clay is and how pricing works. How to build your first clay table from scratch. Finding companies and people with filters. Waterfall, email, enrichment for max coverage. AI research with ClayGen for personalization. Exporting and integrating with your tools. Remember, the key to mastering clay is actually to build. Don't just watch this video open clay follow along and experiment. Like go actually break things. That's how you're going to learn. The amount of money and credits I have wasted on clay. If I think about it, I'll go in that corner behind me and start crying. But that's how I learned. So I'll remind you again, if you want to get started, use my link in the description to sign up for clay and get 3000 bonus credits when you upgrade. That's about $150 worth of free enrichment to kickstart your first campaigns. And we do get a slight kickback when you do this so it will help this channel and the agency grow and really appreciate you guys for checking out this video and supporting us. Lastly, if you've never heard of before or me, at one away, we've helped now over 50 B2B companies, specifically SaaS companies, implement clay so they can generate millions in their pipeline. If you want us to build your clay workflows for you, check us out at oneaway.io or book a call with us. Link is in the description down below. Thank you so much for watching. If you found this helpful, drop a like, subscribe for more clay tutorials, cold email strategies and B2B growth content, and leave a comment. Let me know what more would you like to see. Let me know what you didn't like to see. We'd love to hear from you and I'll see you in the next video. Ciao.