URL: https://clay.com/
Data Coleta: 12/01/2026 00:02
Tamanho: 9704 caracteres
======================================================================

Clay |  Go to market with unique data—and the ability to act on it
Skip to main
Copy logo to clipboard (png)
Copied!
Copy icon to clipboard (png)
Copied!
Download brand assets
Downloaded!
Get a demo
Login
Sign up
Copy logo to clipboard (png)
Copied!
Copy icon to clipboard (png)
Copied!
Download brand assets
Downloaded!
Get a demo
Login
Sign up
Go to market with unique data — and the ability to act on it
Bring AI agents, enrichment, and intent data together and turn insights into relevant, timely action.
Start building for free
Trusted by more than 300,000 leading GTM teams of all sizes.
Built with care, shaped by people
4.9
40K +
GTM engineering community
5.0
-+
A full
AI GTM hackathon
focused on building real things:
social listening tools
,
personalized graphic generation at scale
, and
dramatically improved EMEA phone number coverage
with Clay and Canva.
Clay should be an
essential pillar of every company's GTM stack
, enabling outbound built on the highest quality data foundation possible.
CRO
Stevie Case
Our first
AI Hackathon week in SF with Google
brought builders together to move fast and build real things. Working side by side, we unlocked data across YouTube, Ads, Cloud, Intrinsic, and CapitalG, and turned it into
AI workflows that are practical, powerful, and ready to use
.
Clay enables our team to rapidly experiment with trigger driven workflows, and 3rd party enrichment data.
We’re able to move fast and drive outsized impact on GTM execution
– all while using a tool that’s fun, creative, and cutting edge.
Revenue Strategy & Data
Scotty Huhn
Clay is a game changer for marketing, data, and operations.
We have 3x our enrichment rate with Clay’s combination of data providers
vs. our previous solution.
Head of Sales Operations
Adam Wall
Clay is the Rippling marketing team's
secret weapon
. It has helped us build an experimentation-driven GTM motion that iterates on ideas and scales what works. We've achieved breakthrough outbound email performance, deeply enriched our customer base with AI, and more.
VP, Corporate Integrated Marketing
 Ryan Narod
Clay is a central part of our outbound campaign program. It’s helped us fully automate lead enrichment that previously required expensive and time consuming manual research.
Director of Growth
Davide Grieco
Every GTM data point imaginable, in one place
Understand your total market, your customers, and the gap between them. Then act on it.
Enrichments:
Access premium data from 150+ providers: identify new leads, score accounts and contacts, and personalize outreach.
Intent signals:
Take instant action when prospects change jobs, visit your website, mentions your company online, and more.
AI-led research:
Search public databases, navigate gated forms, and find unique datapoints with
Claygent
.
>2x
OpenAI more than doubled enrichment coverage from low 40% to high 80%.
AI that’s contextual, consistent, and scalable
Create and scale context-aware AI agents, and launch GTM workflows effortlessly.
From idea to workflow:
Chat with Sculptor for GTM idea generation, analysis, and table building.
Build Claygents to scale:
Build and version multiple AI agents and reuse them across workflows for consistency at scale.
Bring your own context:
Connect Claygent to any MCP server - from Salesforce, to Gong, to Google Docs, to enrich with deeper business context.
3x
3x’d data coverage on contact information, firmographics, and more.
Orchestrate and act on your data, at scale
Bring together enrichments, intent signals, and CRM data, decide who to go after, and trigger action automatically.
Act on your data at scale:
Sync millions of CRM records with signals from 150+ providers.
Build dynamic audiences:
Combine signals, enrichment, and CRM data and create high-intent buyer segments.
Time outreach perfectly:
Alert reps, update your CRM, or launch outreach campaigns in Clay’s native sequencer.
3M+
Automated monitoring buying signals from 3M+ companies to prioritize outreach.
Turn data into action with flexible,
iterable workflows
Getting the right data is only half the battle: the real value comes from putting it into action. Connect your data to any tool in your tech stack to launch any GTM use case. Iterate and improve quickly.
Start building for free
AI formatting
Clean and format data with AI in seconds
Use AI to transform any record into the format you need. Concatenate data, ensure consistent formatting, and remove extra emojis, symbols, or unnecessary info from lists.
AI conditional logic
Run action steps conditionally — no engineering needed
Conditionally run workflows based on any logic. Use different providers for different companies, enrich only your best-fit leads, or build in fallbacks (e.g. looking for mobiles only if you don't find emails.).
Destinations
Constantly update any tool — CRM, email sequencer, website builder, or more
Push enriched data to your CRM, data warehouse, email tool, website CMS, ad manager, etc—on a recurring basis. Use our HTTP API capability to build your own integrations without code.
“Clay has helped Anthropic significantly improve our lead enrichment and sales data pipelines. We've been able to consolidate our tech stack to core essentials, like our CRM, Clay, and email tool.”
Adam Wall
Head of Revenue Operations at Anthropic
4h/week
Saved with automating inbound lead enrichment and scoring in Salesforce.
100+
100+ providers accessed via Clay
100%
Automated all SFDC opportunity upserts
Read case study
Clay’s data + workflows unlock any
growth use case
Use the best data foundation alongside flexible workflows to turn any growth idea into reality—from CRM enrichment to intent-based outbound. Iterate quickly to scale your best experiments.
Data enrichments
AI agents
CRM enrichment and maintenance
TAM sourcing & territory planning
Inbound lead enrichment & routing
Intent-based outreach flows
AI powered outbound campaigns
Account based marketing
Cut costs, access data faster in one central platform
Stop waiting months to purchase and implement new data tools. Clay gives you immediate access to 100+ premium data sources (+ your own API keys)  in one subscription: no contracts, renewals, or implementation hassle needed.
Read more about Clay Enterprise
Get a demo
Backed by enterprise-grade security and scale
Security at Clay
SOC 2 Type II
We are SOC 2 Type II compliant. Request our SOC 2 in our Trust Center.
GDPR
Go to market anywhere in the world — let us handle compliance with local laws.
CCPA
Support your customer base with opt out and DNC support.
ISO 27001 +
Securely connect your CRM and other systems.
What our customers say about us...
Previous
Next
"In my professional opinion, Clay has one of the most practical and exciting applications of AI, in a decades-old practice that has long been stale."
Keith Jones
GTM Systems Lead
"Clay should be an essential pillar of every company's GTM stack, enabling outbound built on the highest quality data foundation possible. Now you can automate hours of manual research so sales teams can focus on selling."
Stevie Case
CRO
"This job has always been about creativity, despite how it might seem, and Clay enables me to answer more 'what if we could...' questions from our GTM teams than I ever could before."
Alexander DeMoulin
Director of Revenue Operations
I love using and working with
Clay.com
because its extensive customization options allow it to seamlessly integrate into various systems, making it an essential part of our tech stack. Their hands-on customer support ensures we build out flows in the most efficient way possible, enhancing our overall productivity and effectiveness.
David Bulmer
Sales Ops
"Clay is a game changer for marketing, data, and operations. We have 3x our enrichment rate with Clay’s combination of data providers. Clay makes it easy to use AI for GTM initiatives, unlocking new workflows that were infeasible before."
Adam Wall
Head of Sales Operations
"Clay is a central part of our outbound campaign program. It’s helped us fully automate lead enrichment that previously required expensive and time consuming manual research. We can use the hours we've saved on manual work for more interesting, creative, and important tasks, like coming up with new outreach ideas or nurturing relationships with prospects."
Davide Grieco
Director of Growth
"Clay saves us hours a week that we previously spent researching and vetting companies that applied to our startup program. Our auto-approval rate has jumped to ~40%—with no manual work needed."
Josh Kim
Head of Growth Programs
"Scaling inefficient SDR work isn’t possible without an infinite flow of capital. Clay helps automate mundane tasks like contact data enrichment, including pulling signals and triggers, so SDRs can focus their time on prioritized selling and spend their days more effectively. It evolves the SDR role and aligns it with better with marketing paths for more upward career momentum."
Kris Rudegraap
CEO
"Not having Clay would hugely reduce our ability to run good outbound campaigns. We wouldn’t be calling people as much, because it’s hard to get good phone numbers. We wouldn’t be emailing as much, because we’d be likely to bounce or go to spam. With Clay, we have a reliable source of data enrichment and can run dynamic, multi-touch outreach sequences."
Julien Reiman
Head of Sales
"Clay is the Rippling marketing team's secret weapon. It has helped us build an experimentation-driven GTM motion that iterates on ideas and scales what works. We've greatly improved our outbound email performance, deeply enriched our customer base with AI, and more."
Ryan Narod
VP, Corporate and Integrated Marketing