VÍDEO #3
======================================================================
Título: Descript vs Riverside – Which One’s Actually Better for Creators?
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=AbqVJ6lO5tM
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 17963 caracteres
Data Coleta: 09/01/2026 15:52
======================================================================

 So I've been using Riverside for a long time now, but a few of you have been asking about Descript and whether you should switch either from Riverside to Descript or Vice versa. So I decided to properly test both head to head so I can give you my honest recommendation. So in this comparison, I'm gonna keep it pretty simple. I'm gonna go through what I like and what I don't like about Riverside and then I'm gonna go through what I like and what I don't like about Descript. Then at the end, I'm gonna give you my honest recommendation on which one I'm gonna go with to help you make your own decision. At their core, I think both platforms have similar functionality, including the ability to record, upload, edit, and publish video content. So I wanna focus on what I think are the key differences that separate the two platforms rather than comparing every single thing where they're similar. And just so you know, Riverside did partner with me on this video, but I actually started using Riverside long before they approached me and I've tested both of these platforms properly to make sure it's a fair comparison. With that said, let's jump into it. I'm gonna talk about Riverside first. I'm gonna go through their strengths and then what I think are some of their weaknesses. So studying out with the strengths, I think for me, one of the biggest things that stands out with Riverside is the use interface. And I think people tend to think more about the features of a tool rather than the use interface. If you ask me, the UI really makes a huge difference to your overall workflow and the efficiency of your output. This is why for years now, I've been recommending Final Cut Pro over Premiere Pro because even though they've got similar functionalities, I think Final Cut Pro is better laid out and more efficient to use on a regular basis so you can publish more content. And in the same way, I find Riverside just feels really intuitive to navigate. Menus, buttons, tools, they're all laid out in spots where you would expect them to be placed so you're not constantly searching around for different tools. And so to me, that is genuinely a really big pro. Now when it comes to actually recording your content, you can schedule calls on Riverside, which I really like. So in both Descript and Riverside, you can really easily send a link to a guest so they can join your studio and do a recording, but in Riverside, you can schedule them. And I think this is just one of those small things that adds a lot of polish to the platform and it would make the experience for your guests, on your podcast, your recordings, whatever it is, a lot more professional and streamlined. Next, when it comes to actually sitting down and recording your content, the studio overall feels really solid and reliable. You've got lots of different options for recording, including the ability to easily pause your uploads if you've got point internet. You can double check the equipment that everyone's using, quickly add markers while you're recording. And overall, my experience has been really good in the recording studio. Plus, I think it's genuinely a really big bonus that you can live stream for the Riverside studio. So you can do multi-streams, you can stream to multiple platforms all at once, which I think is a huge pro if you are a streamer. Or if you're someone like me who doesn't stream so much, you can use it for things like webinars. And that's my plan. I am planning to do some webinars in the future. And I think using Riverside would be the best way to do this because it's so easy to set up a really professional looking studio, send a link to any of your followers and there's no technical knowledge involved in terms of setting up something like OBS Studio and working with RTMP keys and stream keys and all that kind of stuff. It's all very simple and straightforward. So that's a big bonus. You also have a teleprompter in the studio, which I think could be really useful. If that's kind of your style, I personally don't use it myself, but even for just having notes in front of you for your podcast recording, using the teleprompter could come in really handy. Then the last big standout thing for me when it comes to recording in Riverside is the fact that you can use the mobile app. This works with iOS and Android, which is really nice. And this basically gives you a mobile version of the Riverside studio. And I really like that this gives you a more flexibility both for yourself when you're recording and also for your guests. So if your guest is out and about, for example, they can just download the Riverside app on their phone and record from there that I have to worry about having to get out a laptop or something like that. Plus you can actually use your phone as a second camera, all the main camera for your recordings and that's all possible through the app. So that's also an added layer of flexibility. Next, moving on to editing. Riverside has a really solid editor where you can edit all of your content. I think in the past, Riverside has been more weighted towards recording and less towards editing. But over the past couple of years, that has changed a lot. And now it's at the point where it has a fully fledged editor. I've got all sorts of AI-based editing tools, including a transcript of the entire video where you can edit using text-based editing. This can be a huge time saver, as well as being able to use AI to clip short form clips from your long form content. You can also add B-roll and music now to the Riverside editor. So you can really complete a fully fledged video in the editor. If you don't have a powerful computer, they can edit like 4K content raw. We're just going to want something more lightweight, streamlined, more all in one place. Then this can be genuinely a game changer. And then when it comes to creating short form content, I personally regularly uploaded my YouTube long form videos and used the Magic Clips feature to cut it up into short form. And honestly, I used to manually edit all of my short form clips and to edit a single short form clip, the way I used to do it would probably take me about an hour per clip. Resonting magic clips, I can literally create five clips in about five minutes. So it generally saves me hours and hours of time. And I highly recommend that. This can be a great way to really maximize the output of your content. Another big thing is audio. You really want high quality audio for recordings. And Riverside has some great AI tools to clean up your audio. So make sure it sounds the best. I've personally had better results in Riverside than Descript with the similar features in Descript. So that's a big pro. Again, speaking of those AI tools, you've got a tab on the right-hand side in your editor, which is called the AI producer. And this to me is just really clearly laid out, very intuitive, it makes sense. It's not over-compocated. And then some of the other tools are just nestled away in other spots where it makes sense within the editor, rather than having every single AI tool all in one spot. I routinely use the Smart Layouts feature. So this automatically selects, whether to have the speaker, full screen or split screened, depending on who's the active speaker. And I've had really great results with this. Then lastly, when it comes to editing, we've got the brand kit feature. So basically this lets you set up your branding theme, like colors and logo, caption style, that kind of thing. This feels very intuitive. It feels very easy to set up. And then once you've set it up, how you like, according to your brand, it's very easy to apply to future recordings, which again saves you a lot of time. And then from there, it's really easy to export. You can export XML files if you want to do further editing manually, or you can just download the fully edited videos and then upload them straight to your social media. So for me, it does feel like a very well-rounded video content creation platform from start to finish, which is what I really like. So you can kind of do everything from recording and live streaming through to editing and publishing on the one place, which for me is hitting what I'm really looking for, which is the ability to create content from start to finish in high quality with as little friction as possible. But that doesn't mean that there's not a few things that I think Riverside could improve at. So let's talk about those things. First of all, I've noticed that load times can be a little bit slow on Riverside. It can take a few seconds for projects to appear, thumbnails to appear. The editor can be a little bit slow and too first open. Now I do think this is offset by the fact that overall, because of the UI is so intuitive, your workflow is gonna be really fast, but it's something to keep in mind or something that I hope Riverside will improve in the future. The other big thing that I've noticed that I don't like so much is that sometimes with the AI magic clips, the AI can select odd parts of my long form content for clips. So I might select a part of the video where I'm halfway through a thought, for example, rather than studying at the very beginning of the thought. This is pretty easy to remedy using text-based editing and the editor, but it's not always perfect. So that's also something to keep in mind. Now let's move on to Descript. Overall, they're aiming for a very similar concept to Riverside, they're trying to be an only one platform where you can record, edit, and publish your video content. So starting out once again with the UI in the interface, I think for me, it gets a lot of points for quick load times. I noticed that it didn't matter whether I was loading the editor, the main studio, or any other page in the user interface, it was always very quick and snappy to load, which is very nice. Next moving into the recording sphere, it's got Zoom integration, which if you already use Zoom as a way to record your content, this is gonna be a huge plus, because you can bring your Zoom recordings directly into Descript to edit. Now, obviously there's some big downsides to recording with Zoom, including much lower quality, both video and audio. So I personally wouldn't recommend using the Zoom for your recordings, I would recommend using the actual recording studio, because you're always gonna get a higher quality, but if that is something that's important to you, then that's worth considering with Descript. Next moving into the editing with Descript, this is very strong, and I think Descript is kind of more known for, or it started mainly as an online editor, so it's not surprising to me that it has a strong editor, but again, I think this is kind of where I see a bit of a parallel between Final Cut Pro and Premiere Pro, and then Riverside and Descript. So Descript has a very competent editor with lots of features, but it does start to feel a little bit overwhelming, and a little bit confusing in some ways. And again, I think if you're going for streamlined, efficient output of content, then this is an example of when more features don't always mean better results, but I'll talk a bit more about that later. You also have some really solid text-based editing in the Descript editor, and you've also got the ability to create AI clips, which is really nice. You can record directly onto the platform or upload your own files to edit in the editor, the same as Riverside. The only thing that I thought was kind of cool, it's got some built-in effects, like animated waveforms and progress bars. These were kind of cool, but I'm not 100% sure, is that what I'd use them for, maybe for ad spots in a video or something like that, maybe you use the waveforms and just a bit of extra interest in a short-form clip. So I was a little undecided on whether or not these are a bit gimmicky, but they're interesting and worth checking out. Next, I really did like the transcription reliability and tools. I thought it was really reliable in terms of picking up what I was actually saying and getting accurate transcriptions, and then you can download entire transcripts as well. You can obviously do this in Riverside, so it's not really a point of difference, but I just noticed that in Descript it was very reliable. Next, when it came to creating short-form clips using AI, I actually found I got quite reliable results. So I seem to be pretty accurate at picking out good sections of a long-form content to create short-form clips from. It still wasn't perfect, but I found it didn't suffer as much from kind of middle of thought issues, like Riverside did. That's worth considering if you're creating a lot of short-form content. And then lastly, I think the other big point of difference that I really liked about Descript is that you've got lots of export options. If you do want to continue editing externally, even the option to export XMLs for dementia results. So that's what I liked about Descript, but there were a few things that held it back for me. So number one, when I played back some of the recordings that I did in the Descript Studio, and it was quite a lot of dropped frames and reliability issues, just seemed like my recordings were a bit choppy, which I never had that issue with in Riverside. And my understanding is that the Descript of Rooms or Recording Studio is a much newer feature that's been added more recently. And so I think it makes sense that it has these kinds of reliability issues. So for me, a someone who is wanting a platform to primarily record and edit my podcasts, this is definitely a bit of an issue for me because I want to make sure it's as high quality as possible. Next, kind of like I mentioned already, the UI overall feels a little bit cluttered, it feels a little bit outdated, it doesn't feel quite as intuitive as Riverside. And to me, again, that's just that same comparison between Final Cut Pro and Premiere Pro. At the end of the day, they've got very similar functionality, but it really does make a big difference in terms of how it's laid out. And I just found that with Descript, it just wasn't as clearly laid out and it wasn't as intuitive. Next, I want to talk about some of the AI tools. So there's actually quite a lot, apart from the obvious ones, like the AI clips or transcripts, we've also got some AI tools like eye contact correction. So if you look away from the camera, it will use AI to virtually make your eyes look like they're looking at the camera. And you've also got the ability to generate AI speakers. Now, I know AI has advanced a lot over the past couple of years, but I think it's still at the point where this just really isn't that reliable. It cuts from really weird looking results using these features. I just can't see myself using them. So they feel a little bit gimmicky. That's kind of how it comes across to me. I really want features that are reliable, solid that I know that I'm gonna use, that I'm not paying for something that I'm never gonna use. That's kind of how it felt with a lot of these extra added AI features in Descript for me. Another big downside was that there's no mobile support currently. So at the moment, you could only record using a desktop computer. So that definitely feels more restrictive than Riverside. You've got less options when it comes to recording or filming. There's also no live streaming and Descript currently. So that's a big bonus that you have in Riverside that you don't have in Descript. So that means an added extra tool. If you do want to do live streaming, you will have to learn more complicated programs like OBS potentially. So that is a big downside. And then I think overall for me, the kind of big problem was that Descript felt more weighted towards the editor. So like I said, it's got a really solid editor, very feature packed, but it feels like the other elements of that content creation workflow feel lacking. Especially the recording element with those reliability issues and the inability to do things like live streaming. It just feels like you would end up needing more tools rather than just the one if you're going to use Descript as a general all-in-one content creation platform. So last but not least, what is my final verdict? I personally am going to state with Riverside. And for me, it really goes back to again, that idea of Premiere Pro versus Final Cut. And I'll keep going on about it. But to me, if you've got two tools that do kind of very similar things, but one is just more intuitive and easy to use and there's less friction involved. You are so much more likely to stick with content creation for the long term. And that's how you grow as a content creator in my experience. It's just consistent output over time. And I've personally found with my own content creation the more friction areas, the less likely I am to make and publish videos. So any tool that I can get is going to reduce friction, it's going to make my workflow more streamlined. It's just so valuable. Riverside just feels much more well-rounded with the ability to record, live stream, edit and publish, while Descript feels like it adds too much friction in terms of its UI, as well as the fact that you'll probably need to add extra tools in your workflow to be able to create the same content. For me, the someone who really values high quality content, I just found Riverside gave me better results at the end of the day. So if you want to try either of these tools, Riverside or Descript, there's links down in the description. So make sure you check them out. But let me know in the comments, I'm really keen to hear your personal experience. Do you use Riverside? Do you use Descript? Which one do you prefer? And if you want to know more about how to edit in Riverside, I've actually got an entire tutorial showing you how to do that. So you can check that out right here.