URL: https://www.pipedrive.com/features
Data Coleta: 27/12/2025 12:25
Tamanho: 9691 caracteres
======================================================================

Best CRM Products From Pipedrive | Pipedrive
Pipedrive’s features and products
We’ve developed Pipedrive’s customer relationship management (CRM) products and features around activity-based selling. We believe that in the sales and marketing lifecycle, you can’t control results, but you can control the actions that close deals.
Our products include:
Sales software
Discover how Pipedrive’s all-in-one sales software can help your business grow
Email marketing software
Create and send customizable email campaigns with pro templates, built to get more clicks
Project management software
Conceptualize, manage and deliver your next big project from one place to reach your goals faster
Marketplace integrations
Sync your CRM with over 500 tools, including Google, Quickbooks, Asana, Slack, Kixie and more
AI CRM features
Save time, improve performance and make smarter decisions with AI-powered CRM
Privacy and security
Safeguard your data and use permission and visibility features to manage who has access
Lead generation software
Generate more high-quality leads with the LeadBooster add-on’s four powerful tools
Web visitor tracking
Discover which companies are visiting your site with Pipedrive’s Web Visitors add-on
Documents and templates
Create shareable, trackable documents and templates with Smart Docs to strike while the deal is hot
Join over 100,000 companies
Try it free
Or
sign up with Google
Full access. No credit card needed.
By signing up, you accept our
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
.
4.5
/5
4.2
/5
4.3
/5
4.5
/5
4.5
/5
4.7
/5
Sales software features
Companies need to adapt quickly, so your sales software should offer functionality at several pricing options to serve sales teams and individuals at every touchpoint. Pipedrive features include everything your sales department and business needs.
Automation
Eliminate sales reps’ busywork and data entry with task automation, one-click contact management, webhooks and an open API
CRM
Choose the Pipedrive CRM platform to improve your workflows, increase sales productivity and scale your business
Customization
Customize pipelines, tailor business processes to customer needs and keep your team on the right track
Email and communications
Use innovative features to create centralized communication efforts, connect with your target audience and move leads through the sales funnel
Insights and reports
Spot winning patterns, simplify sales forecasting and optimize your entire workflow with customizable reports
Integrations
Sync Pipedrive with your favorite tools across different categories, including video calls, lead generation, phone solutions and customer support
Leads
Make the most of each opportunity with dedicated features that help with lead management, qualification and prioritization
Prospecting software
Identify, research and engage with potential customers by finding promising deals and best-fit leads
Processes, pipeline and activities
Create and implement your ideal sales pipeline process using CRM features like goal setting, activity tracking and insights
View all
AI features
Artificial intelligence is transforming sales and speeding up outreach while improving customer satisfaction and increasing success rates. Here’s how Pipedrive is leading the way.
AI sales assistant
Focus on the right deals thanks to personalized recommendations from your AI-powered assistant
AI email writer and summarizer
Streamline sales outreach by turning prompts into emails and summarize lengthy threads quickly
AI reporting
Generate sales reports instantly by typing what you need or choose from 15+ available prompts
View all
Email marketing software features
Marketing teams can win your prospects’ attention with our Campaigns add-on’s beautiful, customizable layouts and keep their attention with the email software’s tracking, analytics and filtering features.
Email builder
Create stunning emails with templates and a simple drag-and-drop builder
Email analytics
Discover which marketing campaigns drive results with real-time reporting
Email segmentation
Segment your audience and reach each customer with the right message
Email marketing automation
Set up automated lead qualification flows and customer relationship nurturing sequences
View all
Project management features
Map out complex projects simply and intuitively, making task management and team collaboration a breeze. Visualize the customer journey across industries, from e-commerce to software as a service (SaaS).
Project management automation
Enable your team members to streamline time-consuming project processes and focus on the more challenging tasks required to finish complex projects
Email project management
Manage all your important emails in one place, never miss a notification and keep a clear overview of the projects you’re managing
View all
Security and privacy features
Make sure your company’s data is secure with Pipedrive’s security and privacy features. Provide access to the team members who need it and monitor who uses your CRM and when.
Security center
Monitor your account and tackle suspect user and account activities instantly with Pipedrive’s monitoring features and audit logs, then set up SSO and 2FA for further security
Permissions and visibility
Define which members of your team can see what data and access which Pipedrive features – admins have role-based access control to manage other users
Data encryption
Each company’s data in Pipedrive is stored in a separate, encrypted database to prevent the risk of others accessing your data
Marketplace integrations
It’s important to make sure your sales process uses your business’s existing tools and resources to their full potential. Pipedrive’s Marketplace offers hundreds of seamless integrations to perfect your workflow and win more customers.
Accounting and invoicing
Find sales CRM integrations to automate your finance processes and pipeline management
Chatbots
Automate communication with website visitors, leads and customers with customer relationship apps
Email marketing
Integrate with Gmail and other apps to manage opt-in email lists and send targeted emails to large groups
Lead generation
Fill your pipeline with new leads from websites, social media and events by using marketing and sales force automation
Phone solutions
Place incoming and outgoing calls with leads and customers, then record, track and analyze them
Proposal contracts
Create, manage and send pricing proposals and contracts to prospects, then track engagement within these documents
Remote work
Communicate with remote team members and contacts through video calls, meetings and conferences with Zoom, Microsoft Teams and more
Resource management
Back up and export your business and sales management data and merge or remove duplicates in your Pipedrive account
Task management
Assist salespeople and sales teams by keeping track of goals, projects and individual tasks
View all
Work anywhere, anytime with the Pipedrive app
Our Android and iOS apps turn your Pipedrive sales hub into a
mobile CRM
that keeps leads, contact information and deals at your fingertips.
Access all customer information from anywhere, anytime
Take notes while on the go, during a call or a meeting
Make calls directly from the app and automatically track them in Pipedrive
Schedule sales activities wherever you are, even when offline
Use the search option to recap before a follow-up
Plan your day with the Focus View to zero in on the most pressing tasks
Snap a picture with your phone and add it to a deal or contact
Use the “Nearby” feature to see which clients are close and schedule customer interactions
Easy to use, reasonably priced, and ensures I don't drop the ball on following up with my leads!
Christine Luken
Author & Speaker, Financial Lifeguard
As a long time user of SFDC and other CRMs, I love the simplicity and intuitive nature of Pipedrive. My favorite feature is the automated pop-up forcing the next step.
Ryan Roberts
Founder & CEO, Bustld, LLC
The best thing we love about Pipedrive is it does two-way sync with Google Apps. It has helped us to better organise and keep everything on track.
Nirmal Gyanwali
Managing Director, Nirmal Web Studio
Pipedrive products and features FAQs
What are CRM products?
CRM products refer to the sales software platform, features belonging to higher tier plans, any other add-ons that give the CRM additional features and Marketplace integrations that sync your CRM data with third-party products.
What features should a CRM have?
A good CRM solution allows large and small businesses to easily track their deals, offer a foundation for marketing activities and generate leads for the
sales pipeline
. It also simplifies document and contract creation, with the flexibility to customize the CRM around the organization’s unique sales processes.
Why are products so important in CRM?
Without a good selection of helpful products, a CRM is little better than a spreadsheet.
Businesses that split CRM features into different product plans only need to pay for uses, making a sales cloud CRM system like Pipedrive a more affordable option than on-premises products.
Does Pipedrive have free features and products?
Pipedrive offers a 14-day free trial of its plans, and while there isn’t a free version, Pipedrive has done away with arbitrary feature limitations that hinder growth with expensive upgrades.
With over 500 free third-party apps designed to integrate with Pipedrive, you don’t need to pay extra for additional functionality that improves the customer experience, increases profitability and improves retention.
See how Pipedrive works for your business
Try it free
Full access. No credit card required.