URL: https://www.pipedrive.com/
Data Coleta: 27/12/2025 12:25
Tamanho: 13764 caracteres
======================================================================

Sales CRM & Pipeline Management Software | Pipedrive
The easy and effective CRM for closing deals
Pipedrive lets you track your sales pipeline, optimize leads, manage deals with AI and automate your entire sales process so you can focus on selling.
14-day free trial, no credit card required
Trusted by over 100,000 companies
500+ integrations to boost workflows
Built-in AI to close deals faster
GDPR compliant and secure
Try it free
Contact sales
Full access. No credit card required. Used by over 100,000 companies.
Trusted by 100,000+ companies in 179 countries
4.5
/5
4.2
/5
4.3
/5
4.5
/5
4.5
/5
4.7
/5
CRM software sales teams will love
I’ve used a CRM before
I haven’t used a CRM before
Save hours with automated lead nurturing
Never miss a follow-up with automated sales conversations and AI-powered prompts to focus on the right leads.
Pipedrive is the best tool I’ve ever found! From email tracking to workflow automations and game-changing integrations, Pipedrive has plenty of features that help us go beyond our sales targets.
Nirmal Gyanwali
Managing Director, Nirmal Web Studio
Harness sales insights to drive your strategy
Dive into real-time sales reports and grasp the ins and outs of your sales funnel with AI suggestions. Pipedrive’s forecasting, goal-setting, team monitoring and advanced sales metrics tools help you to make swift, informed decisions.
Pipedrive has enabled us to have instant access to that data, so it’s not just quadrupling our revenue but ensuring that we have predictable revenue.
Suds Singh
Founder and MD, Interesting Content
The CRM tailored to your business
Seamlessly switch to a sales tool that matches every step of your buyer’s journey. Pipedrive is more than just a pipeline.
Pipedrive adapts well to what we need, and I like that. Unlike other CRM solutions, it fits our needs and doesn’t force us to simply conform to what it can provide.
Franziska Palumbo-Seidel
CEO and Founder, Key Search
See all features
Compare CRMs
Unlock sales success
Simplify your workflow and unite your sales tasks in one workspace. Get AI-powered, personalized tips to help you focus on winning deals.
Pipedrive has made me a salesperson with good habits. And without a doubt I am much more organized than before.
Luis Carlos Rojas
Sales Manager, Saleslatam México
Refine your strategy with real-time performance insights
Leverage real-time, visual data to easily make tough decisions and identify what works.
Pipedrive has enabled us to have instant access to that data, so it’s not just quadrupling our revenue but ensuring that we have predictable revenue.
Suds Singh
Founder and MD, Interesting Content
Customize Pipedrive to your unique sales process
Discover the power of a CRM that adapts to your sales strategy, giving you the tools and tips you need to succeed.
By customizing and automating the customer journey, we were able to remove so much clutter, bottlenecking, manual admin and confusion.
Karl Brown
Founder and CEO, Instyle Solar
See all features
Compare CRMs
Join 100,000+ companies using Pipedrive to gain real-time insights and more!
Less time managing, more time closing deals.
Watch demo
Say hello to Pipedrive AI
Boost your sales success with our AI-powered features. Phase out manual processes, streamline communication and make data-driven decisions for smarter, faster sales.
Find out more
Connect your tech stack and discover tools with Pipedrive’s Marketplace
Integrate Pipedrive with the apps that drive your business. Seamlessly connect your favorite software or find new tools with tailored recommendations.
Browse all apps
Optimize your sales process
Supercharge every step of your sales cycle and empower your team to win deals.
Easily manage leads and deals
One space for all your sales activities
Automate and scale
Instant sales insights
Enhance your CRM experience
Easily manage leads and deals
Organize customer data and interactions in one simple tool and act fast when opportunity strikes.
Customize your pipelines
Pipedrive’s kanban-style dashboard lets you visualize your sales funnel. Adjust your pipelines to your sales process and move deals along as they progress. We’ll notify you when you need to follow up.
Centralize your sales data and contact history
Import data from spreadsheets or other pipeline management software in just a few clicks. Link products or services to deals to track negotiations and see the bigger picture.
Add custom fields
Shape your CRM to your business with custom fields. Capture must-have info for your sales team and automate calculations with smart formulas.
Learn more
One space for all your sales activities
Easily track sales conversations and tasks in one tool, giving your salespeople the context they need to follow up faster.
Your one-stop sales inbox
Speed up response time and never miss an opportunity again with two-way email sync. Connect up to five email accounts and keep prospects hooked with customizable templates.
Calendar sync and task reminders
Manage your schedule from the comfort of your CRM. Calendar sync lets you link your business calendar to Pipedrive and reminds you of upcoming deadlines, helping you stay focused.
Easy call scheduling
Share your availability with leads and let them book calls on their schedule. Instantly generate meeting links for Google Meet, Zoom or Microsoft Teams.
Learn more
Automate and scale
Streamline your sales process and use AI – get more done with less work.
Automate your entire sales cycle
Cut admin time in half and let reps focus on closing deals. Easily set up workflow automations for your team or choose from ready-made templates.
Automate lead routing and increase conversion
Automatically assign
leads while they’re hot with custom rules. As they move through your sales funnel, Pipedrive will hand them off from one sales rep to the next so you can keep the ball rolling.
Boost productivity with automated follow-ups
Keep leads and prospects engaged with sales automation. Set up auto-sequences that trigger based on email interactions or use AI prompts to quickly respond to leads.
Learn more
Instant sales insights
Take advantage of Pipedrive’s precise, real-time data analytics to track sales metrics and fine-tune your strategy.
Monitor sales performance
Set goals and measure progress with visual reports and dashboards. Quickly identify bottlenecks to keep your pipeline running smoothly.
Forecast and track revenue
Confidently predict earnings based on past performance, from recurring revenue to one-off deals. Gain a comprehensive view of predicted income, allowing for quick, tactical adjustments.
Get smarter, actionable insights
Pipedrive’s AI Sales Assistant predicts which deals you’re most likely to win, or lose. Get suggestions on which leads to pursue, along with daily snapshots of your sales team’s performance.
Learn more
Enhance your CRM experience
Pipedrive’s simple, secure and flexible ecosystem helps you stay on track for sales success. Enrich your CRM tool with integrations, manage your pipeline on the go and onboard teammates without the learning curve.
Discover 500+ integrations
Optimize your revenue cycle with 500+ apps for lead generation, video calls, project management, marketing and more. Connect your favorite software in minutes and get tailored add-on suggestions with Pipedrive Marketplace.
World-class security and robust account controls
Keep your data safe with AES-256 encryption, full SOC 2 compliance and leading hosting infrastructure in Rackspace and AWS. Tailor your account permissions and security settings and receive instant alerts for peace of mind.
Sell on the go
With Pipedrive’s mobile apps for Android and iOS, sales efficiency is always at your fingertips, wherever you are. Access your data on the move, finalize meeting prep and impress leads with instant follow-ups.
Learn more
See how Pipedrive helps small businesses grow
Read more success stories
If you want to scale and manage your client base effectively you need a CRM, like Pipedrive, simple as that.
Eden Brownlee
Director and Senior Digital Strategy Consultant, Accentuate Web Design & Marketing
Learn more
Our sales process has improved by 20% and overall hours spent on administrative tasks has been reduced by 40%.
Jana Hodboďová
Chief Sales Officer, Leadspicker
Learn more
Pipedrive is significantly better value than other CRMs but still has an easy-to-use interface. It became apparent that it was a great fit for our team at a cost we could afford.
Oliver Lee
Sales Director, CreativeRace
Learn more
Award-winning CRM software
Our users and industry experts recognize Pipedrive as a top-rated CRM.
Popular blog posts
CRM evaluations: How to choose the perfect system
In this CRM evaluation guide, you’ll learn what to look for when selecting a CRM system and how to extract the most useful information from vendors.
How to write a response worthy follow-up email (with 15 templates)
We’ve compiled 15 of the best follow-up email samples you can use to cover almost any sales situation.
Sales presentations: templates, examples and ideas on how to present like a pro
In this guide, you’ll learn how to use the power of storytelling to drive decision-making and close more deals.
CRM FAQs
What is Pipedrive?
Pipedrive is a sales pipeline CRM designed to help small businesses manage leads, track sales activities and close more deals.
How does Pipedrive work?
In a nutshell, Pipedrive enables sales teams in small businesses to:
Streamline processes and consolidate sales data in one unified CRM sales tool.
Automate follow-ups and ensure timely responses to leads.
Keep an eye on sales achievements and assess team performance for ongoing improvement.
How to set up Pipedrive?
Setting up Pipedrive is straightforward. To get up and running with our CRM
pipeline management
tool, here’s a brief guide:
Begin by importing existing data or building your leads database within Pipedrive’s sales CRM software. Explore our Marketplace integrations to infuse your pipeline with even more quality leads.
Define your sales pipeline, create active deals, synchronize your business email and calendar and start scheduling your next activities.
If collaboration is key, set up team access. Pipedrive offers granular permissions, allowing you to fine-tune who can view or modify your CRM data.
As you progress, keep a close eye on your sales outcomes by creating real-time reports and dashboards. This will help you adapt and refine your strategies for even greater success.
How will Pipedrive’s CRM solution help me improve sales?
Pipedrive’s CRM sales pipeline makes customer relationship management a breeze by allowing you to track leads, spot opportunities, measure key activities, streamline sales workflows and focus on sales success.
Automated reminders and follow-ups increase your productivity, eliminating repetitive, time-consuming tasks. Real-time reports show your sales reps and sales managers which business processes to prioritize.
Will Pipedrive work for a big team?
Yes! Pipedrive’s sales CRM software is well-suited for startups and larger teams alike.
Our pipeline CRM helps large sales and marketing teams streamline their customer interactions. Sales managers and their teams can benefit from a progress tracker, sales automation, procession forecasting, an activity-based planner and top security.
In addition, large teams have access to a dedicated account manager to help them make the most of Pipedrive. Your account manager can also help you onboard other team members to your sales CRM system and guide you on
pipeline management
best practices.
What does CRM stand for in sales?
“CRM“ in sales stands for “Customer relationship management.” Although the “C” in “CRM” stands for “customer,” the best CRM tools can help teams enhance every stage in the sales cycle.
What is a CRM in sales?
A CRM, or sales CRM tool, is a system sales teams use to manage customer data and nurture customer relationships. Several popular CRM and sales tools exist on the market, including Pipedrive.
How does CRM help sales?
A CRM for sales enables you and your reps to centralize contact information, track ongoing activities and boost customer retention. Pipedrive’s visual sales pipeline lets you see your entire sales cycle at a glance, highlighting key opportunities. Get notified when you need to follow up, helping you enhance your customer experience and drive more deals than ever.
What is CRM software?
CRM software is the technology organizations use to manage relationships and business processes. Typically, CRM software for sales teams lets users track their activities, manage communications with other parties, measure individual and team progress and forecast revenue. The top CRM sales software integrates with other business tools, such as email marketing, document management and website tracking software.
How do I choose a CRM?
Choosing a good CRM sales tool for your business requires research and testing. Many companies, including Pipedrive, offer new users a 14-day free CRM trial to see if the software suits their needs. When searching for the best CRM software, consider ease of use, onboarding and results orientation. You should also look for the best pipeline management software and
sales management software
to ensure your CRM has all the functionality your team needs to drive business growth.
Which apps can I connect with Pipedrive?
Pipedrive integrates with hundreds of tools and apps through the Pipedrive Marketplace, including Facebook, Zapier, Xero, Trello and Zoom. You can find Pipedrive integrations with lead generation software, sales and marketing tools, video calling apps, customer support solutions and social media platforms.
Driving business growth
Try it free
Full access. No credit card needed.