URL: https://monday.com/about
Data Coleta: 09/01/2026 11:14
Tamanho: 19880 caracteres
======================================================================

Our Story - monday.com
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
So how did
monday.com
come to be?
Well for us, it happened somewhere in between collaborating and communicating, engaging, and scaling rapidly. All while being totally transparent and working the way we want.
It's all about the people
As we integrated and automated, built workflows, created templates, and expanded our community beyond our wildest expectations, we continued to grow. It is through this journey that the monday.com Work OS was born.
June 10th, 2021 marked the start of a new era for monday.com—we rang the opening bell and officially became a publicly traded company on Nasdaq.
These days, we continue to fuel our growth by evolving into a multi-product company, providing people, teams, and companies powerful products to help turn their work visions into a reality.
We’re only just getting started.
Our story
monday.com is founded
Our co-founders, Roy Mann and Eran Zinman, experienced firsthand the challenges that come with quickly scaling organizations. They decided to build a solution, together with their team, that people actually love to use - and so monday.com was born!
2012
Planting the seed
Secured our first funding with a
$1.5 million Seed Round.
2012
We’re onto something...
The monday.com co-founders discovered deep, shared pain points across teams around the world and built a prototype for what is known today as monday.com.
2013
Our first customers!
After two years, monday.com officially launched from a tiny “office” (but really a vacated apartment) in Tel Aviv and hosted its
first board meeting
after onboarding our first 6 customers.
2014
Off we grow
Grew the team by 300% by hiring 9 new employees and grew the company by 50,000% by acquiring over 3,181 customers.
2015
Expanding our crew
Secured a
$7.6 million Series A
and acquired 7,438 customers.
2016
App-solutely amazing!
Launched a mobile application because it was 2016, y’all.
2016
Growing up
Acquired 18,472 customers and secured a
$25 million Series B.
2017
Thanks for noticing ;)
Named
Globes Most Promising Startup of the Year
and to the
Top 15 of the 500 Fastest Growing Companies.
2017
Introducing monday.com
daPulse is
renamed to monday.com.
2017
Here’s to you, New York
Opened our first global office in NYC, secured a
$50 million Series C
, and acquired 48,652 customers all while getting
permission to (safely) start a fire in the office.
2018
Expanding our community
Our
Startup For Startup
initiative was founded and we briefly adopted a
stray developer
(though no developers were harmed in the creation of this timeline).
2018
Elevating our brand
Launched our first global conferences:
Elevate,
Unplugged,
and
Global Partners Summit.
2019
It’s awards season!
We won the
Webby Award for Productivity
, were named to
BuiltInNYC’s best places to work,
and honored as one of
Calcalist’s most promising startups.
2019
Unicorn born
Secured a
$150 million Series D,
achieved
unicorn status
(as a private company valued over one billion dollars), and acquired 93,431 new customers.
2019
Multi-lingual
monday.com became available in 11 languages.
2019
Bottoms up!
Added 173 new employees who drank 389 kegs of draft beer, consumed 400kg of coffee beans, and built a plant wall that features over 1800 plants.
2019
Llamas = productivity realized
Launched dashboards as part of our core product offering including a llama farm animation: 64161 llama farm dashboards were created in 2019 alone.
2019
Wow.
Surpassed
100,000 customers
around the world managing their work on monday.com
2020
Welcome to 2.0
Launched monday 2.0, our transformation into a work operating system
(Work OS)
that enables organizations of any size to build custom apps in minutes.
2020
G’day, mate!
A
new team was launched in Australia!
2020
#WFH
As COVID-19 swept the globe
a letter
was issued to monday.com’s customers and
we learned a little too much about how people #WFH.
2020
Party in the USA
Founded our next US “offices” with teams on the ground in Miami and SF.
2020
Just touched down in London town!
Hired our first employee in the UK.
2020
From Dream to Reality
Launched
monday apps
; a framework to easily build apps on top of monday.com.
2020
Our apps marketplace is open for business
Where talented builders meet engaged users
, sharing cutting-edge apps, and expanding the capabilities of the monday.com platform.
2020
Cutting the ribbon at our London office!
We welcomed our UK employees to our brand new location in the heart of Fitzrovia.
2021
MNDY
monday.com rings the bell and officially
becomes a publicly-traded company on Nasdaq
!
2021
Tech & COVID vaccines in Africa
monday.com’s Emergency Response team landed in Eswatini, Africa to assist the local government with a comprehensive
COVID-19 Vaccine Rollout system
built on monday.com’s platform. This initiative was named a finalist on
Fast Company’s World-Changing Ideas
yearly list!
July 2021
Where words ignite workflows
We launched
monday workdocs
, a shared document that turns words into actionable workflows, workdocs are the very first building block outside of the monday Board we all know and love.
August 2021
And the award goes to…us!
We were named by Fortune as a
Best Small to Medium Workplaces
,
Best Place to Work for Millennials
, and a
Best Place to Work New York
. On top of that, we were
certified
by Great Place to Work as, well, a great place to work :) We also ranked high upon the list of Dun’s 100
Best Places to work in Israel
.
2021
Back-to-school!
monday U
, the company’s hi-tech academy for hard-working people from all kinds of backgrounds,
opened its first programs
, enabling talented individuals to acquire the skills and real-world experience to take their careers to the hi-tech industry.
October 2021
Mind-boggling
We closed out the year with more than
152,000 customers
worldwide managing their work on monday.com.
December 2021
Touchdown!!!
Our creative teams
worked around the clock
to share our “work without limits” vision in a Big Game ad on the largest stage sports has to offer!
Our Big Game ad
was broadcasted before and after the legendary half-time show!
February 2022
Creating an ecosystem of products
With
monday WorkForms
, personalized forms and surveys, and
monday Canvas
, a collaborative real-time whiteboard, the first products in
monday.com’s new suite
. These are two independent products built by start-up style teams within monday.
February 2022
Tech making a difference
Our Emergency Response team
arrived on the ground at the Polish-Ukrainian Border
to use the monday.com Work OS to build out digital processes for refugee centers. Our platform has assisted over 75,000 refugees and counting.
March 2022
The best place to work!
We were ranked as one of
Inc.’s Best Places to Work 2022!
We’re proud our team continues rating monday.com as the very best place to work time and time again.
2022
Becoming a multi-product company
We’re proud to now be a multi product company.
monday CRM
,
monday dev
, monday marketer, monday projects and
monday work management
went live and are used by thousands of customers worldwide.
May 2022
Vogue X monday.com
We’re proud to be
Vogue's very first software brand partnership!
The Met Gala team used monday.com for their work processes producing the incredible centerpiece and florals for the event.
May 2022
Official Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leader
We’re so proud to be
recognized
for our overall ability to execute and completeness of vision, providing our customers with a powerful low-code/no-code framework, empowering users in creating software applications and work management tools.
August 2022
North America HQ Launch
We’ve officially
cut the ribbon
on the space designed to bring together our North American teams.
So excited to see the HQ in New York and our new office in Chicago & Miami come to life!
September 2022
We're live in Japan
Welcome to our new team in the Land of the Rising Sun. We’re excited to continue
growing our presence in the Asia Pacific and Japan
region with our business launch in Tokyo and Singapore.
October 2022
It’s Awards Season!
We were named by
Great Places to Work
, as - a great place to work! Not only that, we’re a
Fast Company Brand That Matters
, on top of that, we’ve made the top of the list of
Dun’s 100 Best Hi-Tech Companies to Work for!
November 2022
American Frontier
We kicked off the year by opening new offices in the US: Denver and Miami, marking our growing presence in the States.
January 2023
app (marketplace) is on FIRE
We’ve partnered with Appfire,
the world's largest enterprise collaboration app provider!
to bring our apps marketplace to the next level.
February 2023
It’s a new HQ!
Hello APJ Region! - Our official
APJ Headquarters opened in Sydney!
, reaffirming our commitment to serving the Asia-Pacific region.
March 2023
Say hello to your new work bestie
monday.com meets AI, the new
monday AI assistant!
Not only that, third-party developers can now create AI apps on the monday WorkOS.
April 2023
The people have spoken!
Honored to win the BuiltIn 2023 Best Workplaces Award across 12 cities! We were honored as a Great Place to Work in the
UK
,
US
, and now in
Australia!
!
April 2023
Sustainability Minded
Our Environment, Social, and Governance
ESG Report
highlights our ongoing dedication to sustainable practices and responsible corporate governance. Over 700 monday people volunteer hours making the world a better place for us all.
May 2023
Spreading the marketing love
Japan, Germany,
France
, Australia, and
Brazil
all have localized monday.com billboards! We launched an (OOH) campaign across the globe, addressing our customers' most common questions in their native languages.
May 2023
Welcome to the fam, monday dev!
monday dev
officially is out of beta! Product and development teams can now centralize and seamlessly manage the entire product lifecycle, from ideation to execution, with monday dev.
June 2023
Australia, But Faster
There are now new
data servers in Australia
, enhancing the speed and efficiency of our services for our Australian users.
June 2023
Productivity Overload
We published our
Global Productivity Survey !
illuminating the importance of software and technology tools, in boosting productivity for the evolving workforce!
June 2023
Built for Scale
mondayDB
is live! the new data infrastructure behind our Work OS. Adapting to your largest, most complex work scenarios, mondayDB allows you to build and manage workflows at scale.
July 2023
We’ve adopted a new regional structure
Our new hybrid regional structure means our regions are empowered while providing a strong connection to core global functions. Hello, new executive
NAM
&
APJ
regional managers!
October 2023
Climbing the ranks
We’re proud our people keep choosing us as the best place to work, consistently, all around the globe. Bronze medalists on
Dun’s & Bradstreet
in Israel, a
Fortune
Great Place to Work in New York, part of UK’s
Best Workplaces
including for
Wellbeing
and made Australia’s
Best Workplaces
in Technology List 2023. That’s all four of our regional HQs!
November 2023
Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ Leaders, Again!
‘Ability to execute’ and ‘completeness of vision’ are just some of the reasons Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ has recognized us as a Leader for
Adaptive Project Management and Reporting
as well as for
Collaborative Work Management.
Kudos team, that’s a few years running!
December 2023
The Partner Opportunity for monday.com Work OS
Our partners saw 100% YoY growth in service revenues, and that’s just the tip of the iceberg. Check out the results of the commissioned
The Total Economic Impact Study
conducted by Forrester Consulting.
December 2023
Our very first Investor Day!
Proud of this milestone as a public company. Our teams
shared
with investors and stakeholders our upcoming business, company and product milestones.
December 2023
Hola, Bonjur, Hallo, Γειά σου!
We welcomed aboard our new French, German, Greek, and Spanish regional communities, run by our incredible local monday.com partners who share their expertise through social posts.
February 2024
Cześć Poland!
We’re excited to continue to expand in the EMEA region with our brand new office in Warsaw, home to many of our builders.
March 2024
Community Events
We’ve launched a new series of
events for our community
, including live sessions with monday.com product managers. These sessions are an opportunity for our community to connect directly with the team behind the features that they are using every day.
April 2024
Olympic Spirit, Workplace Boost
Our
global survey
revealed that the Summer Games supercharged workplace productivity,
inspiring
employees to achieve extraordinary results.
July 2024
$1B Milestone Reached!
In 2014, we launched our first product. 10 years later, we are
crossing the $1B ARR mark.
This milestone is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team, and the trust and support of our customers and partners. Together, we are building a product that people love.
August 2024
Unleash Your Inner Orca-strator!
Check out our
latest video campaign,
"For Whatever You Run." It showcases how monday.com's robust infrastructure and comprehensive features can help you manage even the most complex projects, like...
running an entire species!
August 2024
Gartner Magic Quadrant: Three Times A Leader!
For the third consecutive year, we’ve been named a Leader in
Gartner’s Magic Quadrant
for Adaptive Project Management and Reporting (APMR), achieving top placement for "Completeness of Vision" and "Ability to Execute."
September 2024
Festive Productivity
Our research shows
that workers stay productive during the holidays and work smarter, not harder by leveraging technology and automation.
November 2024
Doubling Down In Denver
Since establishing our presence in Denver two years ago, the team has grown by an impressive 79%.
Our new 26,000-square-foot office
fosters collaboration, innovation, and connection, further strengthening our impact in the region.
November 2024
Three Magic Quadrants, One Leader
In 2024 Gartner named us a
Leader in Marketing Work Management Platforms
, marking our third recognition this year across:  Marketing Work Management, Collaborative Work Management, and Adaptive Project Management & Reporting. You can call us a triple threat!
December 2024
Love to Use: Work, Reimagined
Our
“Love to Use”
campaign featured singing llamas and captured employees falling in love with the monday.com platform, demonstrating that work management can be both engaging and human.
January 2025
Introducing our World Of Work Report
To better understand the areas that are essential to building an engaged and resilient workforce, we introduced monday.com’s
World of Work report
. The global survey covers everything from AI adoption and work software usage to change management, transparency, success measurement, and career growth.
January 2025
Effortless Service Excellence Is Here
monday service
, our AI-first Enterprise Service Management platform that centralizes service operations across IT, business, and support teams, is available to all customers. With smart automations that leverage the power of AI, monday service fast-tracks operations from A to Z and enables service teams to proactively stay ahead of issues.
February 2025
Empowering Scale: Our AI Vision
Our AI Vision
– AI Blocks, Product Power-ups, and the Digital Workforce – will reimagine how work gets done, unlock infinite possibilities, and empower businesses to scale like never before.
February 2025
Global Partners, One Big Stage
Our Annual Partner Summit
brought together hundreds of partners to celebrate growth, share success, and look ahead to what’s next in our thriving ecosystem.
February 2025
The CRM Struggle Is Real
Our survey
of 500 sales leaders reveals a notable opportunity: CRM tools are failing to adapt to today's sales environment, and there is an increasing need for smarter, AI-driven solutions that effectively assist teams in their work.
March 2025
APJ Team Culture For The Win
We were named one of
AFR BOSS’s Best Places to Work in 2025
, ranking in the top 10 in tech. This is a huge honor and a bigger testament to our people-powered workplace.
April 2025
Hallo & Bonjour! Expanding Our Footprint in Europe
We opened new offices in
Munich
and
Paris
, which brings us closer to our EMEA customers, partners, and a few iconic landmarks.
April 2025
EMEA HQ Opens in London
We opened our new
London headquarters
, marking a major milestone in our continued growth across the EMEA region and bringing our London team together under one roof.
May 2025
Powering the Future
With monday magic, monday vibe, and monday sidekick, we
introduced
our next generation of AI-powered capabilities, helping teams move beyond work management into true work execution.
July 2025
monday CRM Hits $100M ARR
monday sales CRM has hit
$100M ARR
, empowering sales teams worldwide to work smarter and win more.
August 2025
AI in Retail report
We uncovered the complex reality behind retail’s AI revolution with the launch of our
Retail AI Agent Report
.
August 2025
Stay tuned…
There’s so much more to come!
The Future
monday.com
by the numbers
2014
Product launched
~2,900
employees
200+
countries and territories use
monday.com
2m
board actions are
made every day
250K+
customers use monday.com
to manage their work
Our culture and values
Transparency
and Trust
Data is at the core of our identity both as a company and a team, and is an essential part of our platform. Access to data allows teams to work even better together and perform at their professional best. It's that kind of total freedom that builds trust and leads to fast execution and high impact.
Ownership
and Impact
We have learned that our employees need to take full ownership over their work, from A to Z, which instills a sense of personal investment and drive leading to better overall execution and an understanding that ‘done’ is often better than perfect.
Speed and
Execution
We believe the faster you execute, the faster you learn, iterate, and improve. We are constantly running at our own pace and seeking feedback, both internally and from customers, so we can outdo our best. We believe this eagerness to try and improve gives us a competitive edge, especially as we continue to scale.
Product-first
We mean it when we say that a product should work for the customer and not the other way around. Every feature is designed with ease of use in mind to deliver the best user experience. And proven by the fact that more than 70% of our customers work in traditionally non-tech industries.
Inclusivity
We have embedded inclusivity in the core of our company values and our platform experience, providing an experience open to everyone. We prioritize inclusion and diversity not only because it is right, but because we believe it creates better teams and ultimately a better product.
Customer-Centricity
Our customers’ satisfaction and success is at the heart of everything we do. We are passionately committed to helping customers with our best-in-class support, and we believe that when our customers win, we win.
Together we can
impact
how
teams work across the globe
Join our team!
Get to know us better
Read
monday.com in the news
Check out some of our favorite articles over the years!
Listen
Startup for Startup podcast
Sharing insights, experience, and knowledge.
Explore
Our blog ‘stacks’
Customer stories, tips, and our opinions on everything in between.
Let’s get social
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Dribble
We asked New York how they use AI at work.  They t
We asked Paris how they use AI at work.
From relat
Your 2026 is already written in the spreadsheets o
We asked London how they use AI at work.
From stoc
We asked Singapore how they use AI at work.  The a
Empowering teams to
accomplish more, together
14-day free trial | No credit card needed
Get Started