VÍDEO #5
======================================================================
Título: Close CRM Tutorial 2025 (full demo)
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=iFRRVaS_1OA
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 39836 caracteres
Data Coleta: 12/01/2026 00:13
======================================================================

 Hey, happy new year. 2025 closed CRM demo. I'm Sam Queen with the closed doctor team. I'm going to give you a click by click step by step inside of a brand new closed CRM account. You're going to get my favorite pieces of tech going into 2025. You're going to get my top automations and workflows. You should be using in 2025. You're going to see behind the scenes of some of the very accounts that we manage. And if you watch this whole demo and you're new to this whole thing and you're like, how I really don't want to do all that by myself. You want to work with someone like me. I'll leave a link down in the description so you can book a call. And most importantly, if you're watching this video because you're new to closed CRM where you're trying to make a decision is closed CRM right for my business. You're going to get that answer as well. And if you're not here because you want to sell more things, that's what closed CRM is so good at world class act compared to other CRM. If you're not here because you want to sell more things, exit the video now. But if you are here to learn about every single feature, every single button you can click inside of closed CRM. And the best practices that go along with those features, you know, how to remove decision fatigue, how to remove one less click from your sales process, how to get the metrics you're looking for for every step of your sales process. Then closed CRM is for you and let's dive into a brand new account setup. Here I am on a login screen. I am going to create a brand new account from scratch. If you've already done this part of the process skip to this time stamp here on your screen. So I'm going over to sign up. What's nice to close you to 14 day trial. No credit card required. So you can build everything I'm about to show you inside of this video. I'm going to sign up with Santa Queen. And let's see if I can get an email that works here. Hi email connected password connected all your sales and one place. Connect your email encounter. This is where you would connect your Google calendar or any other calendar provider if you have one. For now, I'm going to do I'll do this later. I need to go verify my email. So give me one second. Our email has been verified where it's going to ask us for our phone number. How do you hear about us? Close doctor, Sam Queen, if you knew to this, or there might be a link down the description for you to sign up for a trial. If you do sign up with that link in the description does help me out a little bit. What are we looking to do? I'll put in our company name close doctor demo 2025 our website. The www.close doctor.com our team size our sales team our industry and where our leads are at today. I've been signed up for brand new account in a while, but this is a nice little new feature that when you send new invites, you can set what people are going to join us. What level of permissions when you log into a brand new close account, you're going to get met with close CRM's welcome wizard, which can take you through a little demo of its own. Obviously, I'm giving you a demo from my point of view and building hundreds of close CRM accounts for dozens and dozens of different industries. I've done this all over the last six years now. Oh, six years. All in time. I do know going into 2025, depending on which industry you selected when you sign up for a close account, it'll actually give you a different demo environment when you first log in, which is super good. If you have an industry that fits one of those pre default demo environments, they created like I know if you say you're in software, you'll get a close account built with dummy data. As if it's a software sales pipeline. I think that's pretty neat. Like I said, in this video, you're going to get the click by click this step by step. I'm going to cover 100% of every feature in here. This video will definitely be less than an hour. So if it's the one video you got to watch before making your determination, is this the right CRM for me before you pull out hundreds of not thousands of dollars to invest into a CRM. Watch this one. You're going to know by the end of this video on this example lead profile. Let's start here. It's a close CRM example lead profile up in the top left here. We have a company logo, we have a company name. We can edit this company name up here to be obviously whatever it wanted to be. We can integrate with Zap here, which I'll show you some cool stuff inside of there. And this can break down for a beat of be environment or a beat of sea environment. The company can then have contacts underneath of it. Now in close CRM, a company, if you're in a beat of be environment, a company is going to be a lead. Look at all these company names under the leads tab. If we're on the contacts tab here and we check out Dwight True, we can see that he works at Dunder Mithlund. So Dunder Mithlund is a company or the lead inside of close CRM. And then the contact is the people or stakeholders that work at the company. So when we look inside of a contact, we can see we can put in their phone details, their email details. We can add additional URL information, additional phone numbers, additional emails. We can set a primary email versus a non-primary email. We can set a contact as a primary contact. A hierarchy between leads and contacts is super important to understand inside of close CRM. Now stick with me here as we get into this about section. In our about section, we can have an address in this case for the business. We can have a URL. We can have some general notes that we may want to put up in here. This is very customizable inside of close. We can add more fields inside of here. We can add more fields down within custom fields, which will always live in that place on the lead profile. We can add more fields under a contact so we can have custom fields within a lead. We can have custom fields within opportunities. Now opportunities in close CRM are going to be how you're going to follow the lead through the sales process. If you're looking to figure out how to better map your sales process, check out this video on your screen here. One of my very early ones where I'll cover that. But if we look inside of just the demo account provided here, we have a demo completed, a proposal sent, a contract sent, a one and lost. Maybe there are more steps to this sales process like a book to demo and book to demo would be an opportunity that we would add inside of here. I love inside of close CRM that we're going to have that campaign style of you to be able to drag and drop leads through a pipeline looking at all of our statuses were able to annualize values or estimate what kind of value is in our pipeline for basing the value of 100 percent close rates on a $500 opportunity has a $500 expected annualized value. All of this reporting built inside of close CRM and what I really love about close CRM compared to other CRMs like go high level or hub spot. Specifically when it comes to sales is I think those other tools just put too much software between the sales person and the sales process and sales people have to think so much. If they make so many different decisions throughout their day, they have to click so many different buttons and the more we can remove that decision fatigue and those buttons. From being clicked in their sales process the more effective or efficient they might be able to be throughout their day. So additionally on a lead profile we have a task section here we can assign tasks to ourselves we can assign tasks to other team members and that will bring me now to the inbox which is where tasks would appear. And if I look inside of someone else's inbox which you can do inside of close CRM very collaborative. I can see inside of all of my team members inboxes. I love that from a leadership level of course because I can know exactly who is on top of their tasks. Who isn't an inbox you should never see above you know 20 tasks or 20 items really at the end of the day. If your inboxes are starting to climb above 20 items you're just going to get too far behind. I want to say anytime I have maybe 50 items in my inbox that's like an hour of dedicated work just to clear my inbox. And if you just build an account that's going to operate in the right way you're going to find that your inbox should never be too long. Too big and I'll show you what I mean by that when I get over to smart foods here which are one of my favorite features. And these inboxes under the primary tab we'll see everything where you see emails calls, tasks, reminders, text messages. But then obviously we can filter it down by just emails, just miss calls, just miss text messages, just tasks or reminders which are like reminders on maybe an email that you sent or reminders on an opportunity that maybe do. It's really simple to clear tasks from your inbox to go into a lead profile here and then just by selecting completing the task. It can be completed. It makes it really easy with close CRM to be able to change task date to be able to edit the task. They had a new lead profile update just prior to 2025 which removed a few clicks here and there which it really really like from an efficiency standpoint. One thing I want to call out is if you have tasks collapsed in this view here and then you go to the next contact. I'm sorry the next lead task will be collapsed over there. If you have opportunities collapsed here it'll be collapsed over there. My point is leave everything open so it'll always be open across your profiles. Close also with that update came with some quick buttons, some quick clicks where I can go tomorrow Tuesday next Sunday, two weeks, one one three months instead of trying to do the map in my head and figure out where I'm going with the lead. Opportunities can be assigned to different contacts so if you're in real estate and you're watching this the opportunity lead contact hierarchy breakdown gets a little confusing. I've got a couple other step-by-step demos on this channel from last year on how I set up some real estate accounts like wholesaling accounts or. But yeah you really want to pay attention to that hierarchy and how a contact talks to a lead record which might be an address in your case in the world of real estate. In custom fields or what you think they are they are fields that can be custom you have different types. You've got lead owner types user types You've got number types you've got your alt types you've got text types you've got choice single select choice multicelect types let me show you that under your custom fields right here inside of the settings and once again I said you can assign those to leads which are those custom fields that lived on the lead profile you can assign them tozers, which are custom fields that live under the contact you can assign them to opportunities which are custom fields that live under an opportunity. If you want to create one custom field and share it across all of them, the share field button, it'll share across all of them. Here are all of those field types that I mentioned. I'm it's really important that if you're doing multiple choice questions and answers, maybe in an application or someone is clicking a multiple choice answer, don't bring that in as a text field. It's going to be much harder to filter for that in the future. Bring it in as a drop-down single select field. It'll be much easier to filter for. If you're bringing in a date to close CRM, you can accept I think almost every formatting I've never really had an issue if it was formatted improperly. Just make sure your time zones line up properly between maybe your zapier, your calendar, and your close CRM account. But if you're going to bring in a date, bring it into the date field. If you're going to bring in a multiple choice, bring into a drop-down. If you're going to bring it in as a text field and it is a free response field, bring it in as a text. If it's just a number that you want, make sure your field and your form type is a number only field. And your field and close CRM is a number only field. You will thank yourself so much when you're trying to create filters or build automations in the future. Back over to Dunder Mifflin. I think that takes care of everything on the left hand side here. We have a files tab. You can attach files to contact and lead profiles going into 2025. This was not a feature in all of 2024. So that's pretty cool. Now let's check out what else we have in this top bar. We can leave notes just like that. You have little features like bullet points, number, lock quotes, strike-throughs, underlines, balls. You can take some pretty serious notes inside of here. And then what I love about notes is that they become searchable on a profile too. Forget it. Anything there. That's not sure. We can send emails inside of here. Of course we can. And inside it, send the emails, we can send templates. Let's hop over to the template builder right. Don't we? We're going to manage templates. We have email templates. We have SMS templates. And we have snippets, which are like little shortcuts. And email template is probably like any other email builder or template builder you've seen before. You give the template a name. Close your arm doesn't have folders for smart views or templates or anything like that yet. So make sure you use really good naming conventions when you are naming your templates. This is your subject line. This is your body. And if you want to insert custom fields like what's up? Contact first name. Remember a contact would be the contacts first name. If you tried to do lead, that would be the business. If you're setting up an upbeat, be environment. So make sure you know the difference between a lead and a contact inside of close Seren. Unsubscribe links. We can add and check out this feature going into 2025 to share with organization. Toggle is turned on by default. That's my first time seeing that. But that was definitely not the case before. And that saved some clicks and some headaches in the future when you're trying to build some workflows. So cool, share with organization, meaning a share across to everyone. Obviously if you built this template for just yourself as the sales rep, you don't want to have that toggle going. I think templates for sales teams should be built thinking about every other sales rep. So if you're going to sign off with its user, we would do user. That would be the user saying it's user first name. And I want to say, I, if I had this share of the organization, I had anyone in the ecosystem use it. They would be able to use it. So that's email templates. That's SMS templates and SMS templates. Same thing. Share with organization. Not a toggle on all that. But maybe you believe me now that it's new. Snippets. What is the snippet? If I name a snippet, name a snippet, and I put in the body of the body, I do share with organization. Why not not toggle it on? That's okay. And I go to send a message, or I go to leave a note because I don't have a 2p. And I have my snippet. That's how I can insert that. And I can use that with just this little that slash here to get it in there quicker, you know? And you can obviously do that for longer things more than just one word. A2P. What the heck is that? It's a pen on when you're watching this right now. You need to go fill out your A2P. Go to settings. You're going to go to phone and voicemail underneath there. You're going to see A2P 10 DLC application 2 person. This allows you to use automations and workflows inside of Close CRM and send people text messages. You don't need A2P to make a phone call. Close CRM makes it really easy to fill out your A2P. They're going to tell you exactly what you need to do and exactly what you need to say. And if you just follow their instructions, you're more than likely to get approved. That is, if you have a business that doesn't qualify for A2P like you sell to Paco or you sell marijuana, or you work in gambling. Depending on when you fill this out, it would determine how long it takes to get approved. And I've seen some approval times take two weeks and maybe you won't get it right the first time. So definitely fill it out right now or you're not going to be able to text. And if you're coming close, really trying to speed things up and get to a quick, then get to it quick. This is part of that process. I think they charge you $15 to set it up and something else. So boom, can't send a text message in Close CRM without giving them your credit card or can you? How can you send text from Close CRM without having A2P? Let's talk about that. There is a new tool. It is called sendblue.com. Sendblue.com lets you integrate iMessage with CRM. Integrating iMessage with CRM is pretty freaking crazy. Sendblue offers a Chrome extension that recognizes when a phone number is on any screen in a URL and it allows you to access the sendblue dashboard in order to call and text leads from an iPhone. What does that mean for you? When you sign up for Close CRM, you fill it A2P and you get assigned a phone number. That phone number isn't attached to like a real phone. It's like a virtual phone. It's in an application. It's in a cloud world in a very late. When you use that phone number to send people text messages, it's going to show green. They're going to send as SMS. SMS does not equal iMessage. SMS bubbles are green. The first SMS you send to a new lead under all these regulations has to include reply stop to opt out language. And you see exponentially lower reply rates with SMS integrated. What sendblue does is it has a warehouse in New York with thousands of iPhones sitting on shelves. Those iPhones are actually accessed virtually through the sendblue platform and you can use them to build onnations and integrate with CRM. What's called about a blue bubble? This is what the sendblue dashboard looks like. But all of this information also APIs back into a CRM like Close CRM. And inside of here, not only can you send blue bubbles, but you can send videos, you can send voice messages. You can even use 11 labs to send AI voice messages. Now I'm all over the place here, but we actually like to use a sendblue, the go high level automation builder because it's very badass. And if you have a sub account through sendblue, you can just get it for free. So it's kind of like using Zapier, where you're building inside of the automation workflow builder inside of GHL. Now if you go to sendblue.com and you request a demo, you're going to see a tool here called iClose. Trust me, all of this matters to the close CRM demo I'm giving you right now. This is the bonus stuff, the really cool stuff that you can do with close. So if we go and we opt in inside of sendblue's website to request a demo, and depending on when you're watching this, you're going to get this same thing. And I go Sam, I go queen. I closed, captured that information. Believe it or not, when I put in my phone number at the top here, and then all of these other fields populate it. Now, if you know anything about conversion rate optimization or one of those something, if you just had this to request a demo, that would be way too much information for someone to put in and it would give way less demos. But the first and bad where it just shows phone number and name is a hack to get more leads. This scheduler is called iClose. I'm going to log inside of my dashboard inside of there right now. And we'll see on my global data tab that I've got that new contact Sam Queen sitting right at the top. Now iClose is a calendar tool. I think it's much more than that. The sendblue Chrome extension can also recognize information on this screen, which allows them this to kind of have like a dialer built in, which is pretty cool. And the analytics of this scheduling tool are absolutely insane. I can't believe they just call this a scheduling tool. It even gives you information breaking down if you have application questions who answered what percentage and then how do those answers if someone uses go high level versus using HubSpot. How does that result in their closed rate and impact their closed rate? Or how does someone on go high level have their closed rate impacted by this sales rep versus this sales rep? All of that you can do inside of this scheduling tool. I used to be a one-top fan schedule once. Thank you so much for your service. Use you over the last six years. Love you so much. But now I'm all about iClosed. iClosed has the sauce. It's everything I've wanted in a scheduling tool when it comes to creating events and reports and automations. For some blue we use Zapier to then take those qualified or potential triggers from iClosed send them to close CRM. If you hang with me here I'm going to show you what all of that looks like inside of a close account. That automation when you opt in is going to create a contact inside of ghl. It is going to wait a little natural delay to send an SMS. Hey contact first name. This is Alex with sendblue. It's going to delay again. I think like one second five seconds. I can send you a demo here. Yeah. You're noticing we have send iMessage steps inside of here. It's because inside of go high level you can use iMessage action steps with sendblue in their workflow builder. If you use HubSpot it also natively integrates. But sendblue does not integrate into the workflow tab of close CRM which I'll touch on here shortly. The specific automation for sendblue when you opt in is going to wait for a reply and when you reply to one of those steps it's then going to send you a voice message and a video as I showed you in the sendblue dashboard. Pretty cool because blue bubbles will get you higher response rates. On the topic of workflows let's check them out inside of close CRM. If that comes with a couple of default ones but if we go to new workflow here remember naming conventions because there's no folders yet in 2025. Our triggers are a little weak inside of close CRM. As far as the workflow builder I'm hoping 2025 is going to be a big year for it. With that being said the workflow builder compared to where it was at the beginning of 2024. Awesome so I know close CRM is very agile and implements feedback very very very fast. Prior to finding sendblue all I ever used was the close CRM workflow builder but can't do it with my iMessage and iMessage is such a hack that I wouldn't use anything else. So our triggers can be either manual through zappier or our triggers can be automated like a lead status changing and you can break that down with other filters. I'll get into filters here when I talk about smart views themselves. Our action steps can be sending an email making a phone call sending an SMS assigning a user creating a task or updating a lead status. A lead status I didn't talk about on a profile but a lead status is that 30,000 foot overview what is the leads relationship to the company to the sales process and you'll notice when you sign up for close CRM you don't get that many lead statuses as options because there shouldn't be that many lead statuses in your account. Don't get carried away here there's better ways to break things down if you want to see better ways to break things down and actually building accounts check out any of these step-by-steps on my screen here. Be careful when it comes to saving your workloads because if you don't you'll lose where you're at. So we're going to add a step we're going to add a phone call step you can make it either required or optional required steps. The sales rep must do for the next step to continue on optional steps can come with allow how many days you want to go by without completing the action. No if someone doesn't make a call within one day go to the next step. I always like to do optional because if your sales reps out or not go to their process we can at least let the rest of the workflow roll. What's better than that is just having sales reps that are really disciplined in their process. I recommend that way more. And setting the right expectations with them works really well. We can assign who we want to this step to actually go from or be assigned to and that we can continue to build these steps on top of each other. As so adding delays for either hours or days between each step. You can't do minutes wish you did two minutes maybe that'll be a feature of this year. For those emails and texts that you want to be sending you select from the templates that you made previously and for emails you can decide if you want them to send us a new thread. So instead of first email second email in the same thread it'll be first email all their other emails in their inbox second email that'll be a different thread. The goal part of workflows is how you're going to turn a workflow off. In this case it's set to default incoming email incoming SMS or incoming call will turn the workflow off. What it does in account for is when you make a phone call and they pick up you have to manually turn the workflow off. There's an outbound phone call connected does not count. So just a little something to remember it's probably going to happen to you happens to me all the time. Communication schedule is going to be when you want to actually be sending the workflow between Sunday to Saturday any time window and then your time zone that you want to fall back to close those recognize the customer's time zone and then tries to send it in there. Customer time zone. If you want some heat on some of my favorite workflows inside of close here I'm checking out this video on your screen here or depending on when you're watching this I've got a new one of those. So if I got a new one of those go find a new one it'll have 2025 in the title. So if I got a new one of those go find that one but do that when you're done this video. Back to a lead profile this is where we make phone calls from. If we want to log a call we can do that logging a call is the nice if you take a phone call somewhere else and you still want it to make its way inside of close CRM you can log the notes with the call and how long you were on the call and then it'll still show up and you're reporting metrics which is nice. And then the final thing at the top here is you have your activity and these custom activities are the backbone in my opinion of a close account. Let's actually hop into a different one and let me show you why they are the backbone. So if I start clicking into leads inside of this account I can see there's a 01 new activity date activity 0105 January 5th today new tick tock lead. I've got some information about where the lead came from over here on tick tock. Let's go to another lead. I can see another tick tock lead. I'm telling the story. Look at this lead. I can see they were tick tock lead on 0103. We had some text messages back and forth on our iPhones with the send blue. They then booked a call with Alex for the six. They booked it on the third. They booked it from the website. That brought in some other information from that application process on the send blue website to those custom fields which we could filter for if we wanted to. We can then see a call actually taking place in the call recording. That happened still on the iPhone's lines and the call recordings make their way back into close CRM. And it looks like that was being done by Isaac on the team who then took some notes about the conversation ahead of Alex's call. We can see he's in a demo book stage. It's a qualified lead. I've got the URL to his website. I've got his contact information over here under the contacts tab. This is a very clean process that tells a good story about all the communication about all the steps. So that's what custom activities are. Custom activities are the steps of a sales process. Now I'm inside of send blue's account right now. This sales process is new activity. People that go on the website, a tick tock ad, a Facebook ad. You can see we break that down by an activity type. So if I want to filter for only tick tock leads, only Facebook leads I'm able to do that. A contact made if we're outbounding and we're outbounding and we're outbounding in this free for all smart view where a sales rep can come in here and just rip a power dialer with close CRM. Power dialer allows you to call one lead after the other boom boom boom boom boom boom predictive dialer. If you have more than one sales rep calling in the same smart view which is this bucket of leads at the same time, you can actually call it a higher multiple than one to one. You could call two leads at one time, three leads at one time and you should be able to hit some serious numbers with close CRM's dialer if you're using a predictive dialer. You should be able to do 300 calls a day, 400 calls a day, 500 calls a day if your only job is to sit inside the dialer. And we see a demo called booked. A demo called not completed. A demo called completed. I'm asking for certain information inside of these custom activities which are just forms. Think of them as in order to tell the story of the sales process so I can then go build beautiful smart views for my sales process or process checks. Like check this out here. I've got all of the leads in this account and who are in the opportunity pipeline of a seven day ghost and that's someone that's been ghosted us for seven days now. I've got the same for my three day ghost. How these smart views are made is on this leads tab and add filter. You could then filter by things like let's see, you know, our TikTok campaign name is it present. There's all of our TikTok leads. 346 of them. We can go by Facebook. No, is a is a Facebook campaign name present. Oh, there's all of our Facebook leads. 23 of us. Let's see. Have we ever had a lead that is opted in on TikTok and on Facebook? That would be crazy. So TikTok is present. Facebook is present. One lead. Oh my gosh. Look at that. I guess that's not that crazy. Wait a second. I definitely thought that was going to be zero leads. But look at that and it tells the story inside of the CRM. Then we came to TikTok lead on 1221 and it became a Facebook lead on January 5th, which is the day today that I'm filming this video. So we have had someone opt in on TikTok and Facebook and this has got to be probably a high quality lead. At least someone that's interested in the product. Huh, that was pretty funny. Let's see all of our TikTok leads that have booked a call. So we'll go TikTok is present and we'll go the demo booked custom activity exists. Look at that. Here's 45 leads that have booked a call from TikTok. So you're seeing that you can build these smart views, save them. I then recommend you use emojis to make them pretty. Like you see over here, you use numbers. That way when you share them with everyone, you can have all of your users, you know, be able to organize them in the same way. This is all work in progress. This specific account is very new, but you can see if you bring data into close CRM the right way, you can then create some really cool filters and reporting and do anything you want from beyond them. Let's see what we're at. We've hit on the inbox. If you don't have opportunities, we've hit on leads, contacts, workflows, conversations, cool update in 2024. Every single call that takes place inside a close CRM, you're going to be able to listen to read the summaries of right on the conversations tab. Important when you sign up for close CRM. Turn on your call recording. Don't forget to do that. Turn on your call recording. It might not let me do that because I don't have a phone number in here, but turn on your call recording. Everyone should have it on and then those transcripts will come into that conversations profile. When it comes to your plan, it looks like it's toggled on automatically $50 a month call assistant. Need that toggled on to get those AI transcripts two cents a minute. I don't know, whatever it is, turn it on. It's worth it. If you're signing up for close and you're not sure what plan to use, I always recommend the enterprise. It gets more than five custom activity types. If you have less than five steps to your sales process, professionals totally going to be good for you. We got more. I recommend going with enterprise, custom roles, user groups, call coaching. I don't see too many people really ever using this startup plan. If you're taking advantage of any features and close, you're definitely leased on a professional plan, most likely on the enterprise. That's what we like. There are reports tab. This is the main reporting tab where you can filter by a date you can filter in compared to the same date range in the previous year or previous month. You can filter by a specific smart view that you have. If you only want to see numbers and metrics that have to do with a specific smart view of leads, you can filter by a specific user. Leaderboard will stack up with all of the members on your team in a leaderboard. I like that. You can see across everyone adding tiles. If you want to add account of those custom activities, like account of demo calls completed, you could do that. Now you're going to get an idea of how many calls were completed this week or how many calls that we made today. This many, one click. Let's see all the calls that we made today. Here they are. Boom. Black arrow down in the bottom right. Frick and love it. Go to the next lead just like that one click. Activity comparison is going to give you all the sales reps in order and then you can add whatever column, same thing, whatever tiles that you want and filter by the same metrics. So same but different because you're going to be able to see all of your team members stacked on top of each other. Opportunity Funnels is going to show you how leads are flowing through the opportunity pipeline. Don't really ever use it because it breaks if a lead skips a pipeline stage. So hopefully maybe close will give some more updates to this in 2025. But you don't really need it. So I guess that's matter. I never use it. Never needed. I've had plenty of success on it. Status changes is going to show you how statuses are changing and moving throughout the ecosystem and what I love about close. All of these numbers are clickable. You can actually see who the leads are and where they are in the sales process. The Explorer tab is a really really cool one. Let me hop inside of another account again. Boom. I've graph leads over time by date created all time. Here's the leads in the growth and you see what days we get them. And if I want to show the leads on a certain day, I go show the leads on a certain day and I go see all the leads. Really love the Explorer tab. You only get it if you use the enterprise plan though. You got to be on enterprise sent email is going to be an email report for you. It's going to show you all the emails by template by user. You can filter by a date range. And then if you want to see who sent them where they got sent and click into it. We've covered reports. We've covered smart views. Let's hop into the settings now because I'm sure there's some things I want to cover in here. Nothing to count. Nothing on membership. Nothing in general. Team management. You can create user groups. So I could have a group of setters. I could assign who I want in the group of setters. I could have a group of closers. I could assign who I want in the group of closers. And then you can do reporting or round robin leads based off of setters or closers. Rolls and permissions. If you want people to not be able to do certain things, you can create custom rolls and permissions saved on the sign when you invite them. This is an activity we cover fields. We cover custom objects are like an activity or feel, but it doesn't really fit into one of those. I rarely see someone using these. It usually is used if like your hierarchy or your lead structure is a little weird inside of close CRM. If you feel like nothing fits in, maybe it fits into a custom object. If you're not sure, email their support team support at close.com. Share fields, nothing there. Integration links. These are pretty cool. So if I go to a contact, you see there's a LinkedIn search one already set up. If I go to a contact, I go to Michael Scott. I click these three dots. I do LinkedIn search. It's going to go look up Michael Scott on LinkedIn. I'm not logged in in my tab right here, but that's exactly what it would do. So those are pretty cool statuses and pipelines is where you change your lead statuses and your pipelines. Don't fill these up with too much. Don't make them too crowded. I really like the standard statuses that close here I'm honestly comes loaded with. So just be careful here and check out any of my step-by-step videos if you want some better practices there. But if statuses of 30,000 foot overview, an opportunity status is more of like a thousand foot overview. Custom activities, one more like a hundred foot overviews. You get really good granular with the data that we put in there. Phone and voice value create group numbers and assign multiple team members to one group number. So when people call inbound, it can ring everyone on the team. Personal number, where you add personal number, you can get different area codes and pay like an extra buck per number. This way you request the area code. And then if you want to call different states, different area codes, you can toggle. So you know, that's a pretty cool voicemail job. If you're power dialing and you want to job voicemails on people, you can leave a pre-recorded one. Just make sure you don't say anything personal about the person because obviously it's recorded. It's a template and make sure you wait for the tone. So it says leave the message after the beep. Be and hit the voicemail drop or we'll get cut off. Diler, abandonment message. If you're doing predictive dialing, then you need an abandonment message. That is if you call multiple people at one time and two people pick up one person, talks to you, the other person gets this message, you'll be forced to set it up. If you set up the abandonment message, this is where you do an email signature, secret address. If you want to CC something from somewhere else and how to come into a closed profile, you can do that. That template snippets we talk about send as if you want to add other accounts in here to be able to email as other people. You can do that or email on behalf of someone else. You can do that. Check out all of closed-earms integrations over here. Zapier is the one obviously that you use best. Other than that, all of the native integrations aren't that great. Calmingly ones okay. All these are okay. Everything native integration wise is okay. Zapier if you really want to get custom with closed-earms, Zapier is where you hang out of that. Accounts and apps. If I had my Gmail connected here, you would see that developer. This is where you create API keys. So when you go to set up zaps for closed-earms, you'll need an API key. You'll create it here. Plan. We talked about the plans I recommend and usage. This shows you how you correlate from your plan to where you're at and actually using the accounts. All right. As promised, I'm pretty sure I clicked on every single button inside of closed-earms January 5th, 2025 beginning of the year. You just got a full closed-earm demo. If you want to see more definitely subscribe to this channel, I'll be making more content on my favorite sales CRM. If you want to talk with someone like me or you want to talk with me, link down in the description so you can book a call. Cheers.