VÍDEO #4
======================================================================
Título: How To Use Apollo.io 2025 - Full Tutorial
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=n_lRMtWDU40
Idioma: pt (Whisper IA) (whisper-ai)
Tamanho: 25240 caracteres
Data Coleta: 11/01/2026 23:45
======================================================================

 In this video, I'm going to be breaking down Apollo.io. I'm going to show you exactly how you can generate leads, book more meetings, and close more deals using the data and the tools provided in their platform. For a little bit of context, my name is Matt Lucero. I've scraped hundreds of thousands of leads off of Apollo and used it for a little more than two years at this point to help us book more than 2,000 sales meetings for our customers. And we've used a lot of their data to contribute to the millions of emails we've sent to book those meetings for our customers. So I know a thing or two about Apollo, and hopefully I'm going to share some of that with you in this video here. So let's just dive straight in. Alright, so diving into Apollo, first I'm going to do a quick overview of the platform. If you want to check out their site, it's Apollo.io, or you can check out one of the links in the description to do a quick overview of what the platform does. Basically, you can do almost everything outbound related in one platform. So you can search and find contacts and accounts you want to reach out to. You can score them and then you can engage them by doing outbound sequences, email, calling all through their platform. You can track the meetings, track the deals, set the meetings through the platform, and then you can also check the analytics and whatnot. They have a bunch of different features in the platform. If you check out their pricing, it starts at free, which is awesome. You can get a free plan. You get 10 export credits a month, some mobile credits, some basic features, and then as you scale up, Apollo builds based on a credit based system. So if you want more leads, you want to export more leads off the platform, then you upgrade your plans. Then you can also go up to these higher tier organization plans. Now, diving into Apollo, like I said, there's a bunch of different features. What I want to focus on while this video on is the prospecting features. That's their database that has all the people, the companies building lists through Apollo, and then a little bit of the data enrichment. You can see here, once you jump into Apollo, you go to this home screen, there's tons of different features like it just outlined. You can reach out to the leads, you can track the leads, you can do basically everything in this platform. What I think Apollo excels at, and what I recommend using Apollo the most for, is the actual database. Being able to search people, find companies, build lists, and then sequence them in other platforms. This is my preferred way of doing it. I like using tools like Smart Lead to do email sequencing, use clothes and other power dialers to do the calling, and then use a traditional CRM like HubSpot or Close to track the meetings, use county for all these individual things. Point is, you can use Apollo for almost all of these in one centralized platform, but what I want to focus the bulk of this video on is on the data and how to generate the leads that you can then plug into the sequences, so then you can book those in for calls and have that as part of your pipeline. First, I'm going to quickly go over some of the other features. Then we're going to spend a bulk of this video going over a building list and showing you exactly how we use it. Like I said, we've sent millions of emails for our customers at this point. I've used Apollo for a little over two years, so I'm pretty familiar with the platform. On the left hand side here, if you want to do the sequences, this is where you can build the sequence. They have a feature where you can build sequences with AI like the actual email sequences. If you want to send emails, you can connect mailboxes here, you can get other terms of service, you can link it, and then you can run your sequences on the left hand tab here. If you want to call people, again, you can get a phone number, run dials, and then you can track the analytics here. Let's dive into the data feature because I think that is the best part of Apollo and what I use it primarily for. Over here on the left hand side, you can see these are all the ways you can filter leads. You can search names, you can add them to lists or filter out lists you already have. You can search by email status to make sure they have an email, job titles, company, location, employees, industry, buying intent, SIC codes, tech revenue, and a bunch more here. This is all the different filters they have. First, I'm going to start just like a simple overview, and then I'll show you an example of a list and how I would build that. Over here on the top left, you can see whenever you're building a list, you can see these three different boxes here. The first one is the total amount of leads in the search. Since I don't have any search run right now, you can see the total amount of leads in Apollo as of right now is 220 million. Apollo, I believe, search is a bulk of their data from LinkedIn. LinkedIn is probably the best place to scrape data from, mainly because people sell for port data and not just self-report data, whether you talk about the company, the website, the job title, all this stuff. It's accurate because, again, people are out there saying, hey, this is my job title. Here's where I work. It's probably the best place you can source data and why Apollo has such high quality data is because they get it a lot from LinkedIn based on my understanding. Maybe Apollo seemed to be correct me, but that's where I believe they source a bulk of their data from. Then you can see here the NetNew section. These are leads that you don't have saved. The save section or the leads you do have saved. You can see I've saved over 600,000 leads in here and there's 219 million that I don't have saved. Let's go ahead and just go through some of these features. This name feature, you want to look up a specific person. If you type in Matt Lucero, my name, you can see there's going to be all the Matt Lucero's Apollo. I might have to type in Matthew Lucero because I think that's what's on my LinkedIn. You can see here's all the Matthew Lucero's. I'm sure if I scroll through, I can find myself somewhere here. That's the name section. Then there's lists. I'm going to go through, listen how I like to save leads whenever we get to that section and then email status. You can see there's five tabs here. Depending, they had another feature here where it said likely to engage in a bunch of other stuff. I think they might have rolled back that feature or depends on what account you're looking on. These are the typical statuses they have. There's verified, guest, user-managed, new data available in NA. NA means that they don't have an email. User-managed I think is when you upload it, allee it into here and then verifying guests. These are the two boxes I checked 90% of the time. This just means Apollo has an email and they either verify it at some point or it's guest. Whenever Apollo says verified, it's not real-time verified. It means it was verified at some point. If you're going to use this in an email sequencing campaign, then you want to throw this through a third party validator. I like using a tool like Lysman or Million Verifier. There's never bound Steve Bouncer's, a million tools that do this. Just keep in mind that when it says verified, that doesn't mean it's real-time verified. My experience is if I pull data off Apollo, probably about 5% to 10% aren't going to be valid. You're going to want to clean this up. Job titles, very useful. This is where you can plug in and search for job titles. If I'm doing decision makers at small businesses, I might do CEO, owner, and founder as an example. I'm going to throw this in here. The cool thing, again, Apollo does this. I take it for granted at this point. If you're using a database like Sales Navigator from LinkedIn and you type CEO, you might also have to type Chief Executive Officer because CEO is just three words. If someone says they're Chief Executive Officer, you might have to punch that in. Apollo is smart enough to know that if you put in CEO, they also search people who's job titles, Chief Executive Officer. Another thing Apollo does is if you're trying to make a search and you want to be an exact match, you can put it in quote. If I put President in here, then it will only show me people that have the word exactly President. This is an example of how you can build out job titles. If you don't want to include, or if you want to include past job titles, which I don't really see the use case here, at least in the campaign's eye run, you can take this box and then you can exclude job titles. For example, I don't want to include, let's say, Vice President. I'll put VP and I'll also put Vice. If they have Vice before President, then it won't show up. I'm going to throw in that as an example, or I'll just put VP in to keep it simple. Company. If I want to search for a specific company, let's say for example, apple.com, I want the CEO owner, founder, president of apple.com. There's probably going to be a little bit of junk data because random people on LinkedIn are going to say there's a CEO of Apple, which you can see a lot of examples here. You can also see another example. We put the word owner and it'll show business owner because we didn't use exact match. If I want to find this CEO owner, founder, president, out of a specific company, I can punch that in. Apollo has another really good feature here where if you have a giant list of companies you want to prospect into, you can just paste that here and then it'll again filter all the people that meet that criteria within that specific list. Location. You can filter location based on contact or account HQ. If I want to find decision makers that live in the United States, I can put that here. If I don't care where the decision maker lives, I can just set the account headquarters to the United States and then I don't care if the contact lives abroad or vice versa. You can also select zip code radius. I do use this a lot if I want to run localized campaigns. Employee had count. This is very useful if you're running any sort of outbound campaigns. You want to filter out small companies, big companies or anywhere in between. You can filter by head count. This data is sourced from LinkedIn, I believe, which is pretty accurate. Except if you're doing like blue collar type industries, so if you're going into contractors, plumbers, luxuries, those types of businesses, your average contractor is not saying, hey, I work for XYZ plumbing. They're probably not even on LinkedIn at all. So just keep that in mind when you're doing employee filtering here, but it's typically pretty accurate, especially for white collar businesses. Industry and keywords. This is very useful if you want to filter it between a specific industries. So Paulo has a very large list of industries you can pull from here and then you can layer on keywords. So for example, if you want to reach out to SaaS companies, you might set the industry to information technology and then put a keyword of software or technology and then buying intent. I actually don't use this feature inside of Paulo. The reason why is because when you're running outbound campaigns, again, at least how I like to run them, I like to source intent my own ways. So for example, if you're selling a SEO service, I'm not just going to use a tool that says, hey, this person's in market for SEO, I'm going to go and find other indications myself to see that they're in market for SEO. So for example, if they're following a SEO company, that could be one way that I would source intent or I could check their website and see how many blogs they have. There's a lot of stuff you can use external tools to use. This is a feature they have. I haven't really tried it. I wouldn't recommend it because I haven't tried it. But I, in my experience, from peers and colleagues who I know, who I know have used these types of features that they get comparable results from just not using it and adds more money, or it adds more costs to the platform. So I personally don't use it as I see codes. If you're going to use SIC codes, they have that technologies again, very useful. So like I was saying earlier, if I want to search for intent for an SEO tool, I might see if they're using an SEO specific tool like Sam, Sam Rush. I think that's an SEO tool at least someone, someone watching these videos probably going to be like, no, that's not an SEO tool, but I think it is. Anyways, they also have a revenue filter. Again, I'm just sharing outside of Apollo's native features, what I personally like to do after sending millions of emails. I found revenue filters not to be very accurate at all. Again, the reason why is because Apollo is making an estimate here. Unless you're reaching out to public companies where that data is public and accurate, if you're trying to say, hey, I work with companies that are doing a million to five million a year in revenue, Apollo is just taking an estimated guess because all these companies are private. And I like to use other features like employee headcount to make a better judgment, mainly because employee headcount is more accurate than revenue. So I rarely use this feature. Apollo has it. Their estimates at the end of the day. I'm not a big fan of using this and I personally don't recommend it. And then funding. This is good if you're trying to target companies that have raised around or have a specific type of funding that you want to reach out to. Job posting is another useful one. You can check to see if they're hiring for a specific role. Really good if you're doing any sort of staffing lead campaign. And there's a much more features inside here. The ones I have pinned on the left hand side are the ones I most commonly use. And you can see there's even more. So you can filter based on territories. If you're doing all your prospecting inside Apollo, you can assign it to specific people. You can do headcount growth. There's a million other things inside this filtering section here. But I'd say the ones that I've pinned on the left hand side are the most useful, at least for my use case and probably for most of the people watching. But yeah, you can assign specific leads to specific people. You can have different leads stages. Again, if you're integrating with Apollo's native features, but this is an example of a search. So what I'm going to go ahead and do here is I'm going to show you an example search and how you could potentially leverage this in the campaign. So over in this new tab, I have a search that I just made an example of. So this is me trying to filter for companies that are managed IT companies. Or I can actually filter out the IT insulting firms. So let's, again, say that I'm trying to reach out to managed IT companies for the people who are watching who don't know what it is. It's basically the people that set up computer systems, networking, and manage that for companies in an outsourced fashion. What I went ahead and did to filter for that is I added email status. I added the job titles. I filtered out job titles I didn't want. I put the person location. I set an employee headcount arbitrarily for this video. And then under the industry and keyword section, I picked a few industries that looked relevant given the people were trying to reach out to. And I include a couple of keywords that would filter out every IT company in the world to ones that specifically do manage IT by layering in those keywords. This gives us about 500 people. Now, again, for the sake of this video, this is just a sample search. If you want to get really granular, you would have to tweak these filters a little bit more. I'm sure there's keywords excluding that I could include. And there's better ways to filter and expand out and get more decision makers at IT companies. So this is just an example. Now if I want to export this and run this into a campaign, one way of doing this is I can select all the people here. Again, I can filter by people that I don't have saved and people I do have saved and just the total amount. So you can see here, this was a campaign, I ran campaign to manage IT companies in the past. And so you can see I've had some life saved here. If I want to scrape all these 500 people, I can simply just select all press apply. And then once it pops up here in a second, we can either add these to a list or just directly export these. Or, you know, again, if you're using Apollo's native sequencing function, you can add them to a new sequence and you can run it inside Apollo. Again, I personally like to export these off to a different platform. So I can add this to a list. Let's call this YouTube sample manage IT list. And then I can save this. And so you can see just like that, it's starting to get the emails of all these people and it's adding them to a list. Now I'm going to refresh this list and you can see now all these leads have converted to saved. And if I go over here to this list section, I can see all the people that I just saved in this list. Now, if I want to actually export these people, you can see it takes a second to load. There's only 191. So I'm going to refresh this page really quick. All right. So now that you see I refresh the page here, you can see all 491 people that we saved on this nice, neat little list. And if I go here, select all and press apply. And then I export these leads. Then I can have this in a CSV that I can then upload into clay, smart, lead, or a million other tools if I actually want to run campaigns to these people. Again, if you all use this natively in Apollo 2, you can do that as well here. But yeah, that's a super simple search showing you how you can scrape leads and export them off of Apollo. Now going into a little bit more advanced features inside of Apollo, one of them is this company's feature. Now this feature in it of itself isn't particularly advanced. This is where you can filter just off of accounts or companies instead of specific people. So this is one feature I like to use in Apollo to make really, really targeted lead lists. What I end up doing here is on the left hand side if you want to companies and you want to build a highly targeted list, again, of like managed IT companies. What I would recommend you do is you go into this companies section here, paste in a bunch of ideal companies, press save and search. And then let's imagine here I'm going to go to this people list I had before, give me one second. Okay. So what I had indeed here is I took the people list search criteria that I built in the people tab and then I actually transferred this over to the companies tab. So I can throw in the employee filter here. Basically what I did is I just took the same filters and put it on the company level instead of the people level. Now I have, for example, 700 companies here. Again, this isn't the exact same criteria. I'm just trying to do this quick for the sake of the video. But here's an example list of companies. What I can then do here if I want to make an ultra targeted list is I can save these companies, export them and upload them here. Or I can just look here and say, okay, a lot of these look like managed IT companies. And then I can click in and find specific keywords that can help me broaden out my search. So one problem is, is if I say, hey, I'm putting the keywords, managed IT and helped us. And I just assume that's going to get me all the managed IT companies. That's likely not true because there's a million other long tail keywords like cyber security for example here, the week and then pull in or telephony or compliance or a million other of these keywords. And so what I like to do whenever I build lists is you can either start off in the people's have or the companies have. But if you have a idea of the people you want to reach out to, you make a small list of what those people look like and then use the filters inside of each one of these company tabs to see what the commonalities were on keywords. So for example, if we're trying to reach out to managed IT companies, I'd make a giant list of IT, managed IT, IT consulting, IT solutions. And then after I have this big list, I can plug these in as additional keywords to broaden my search out and make the most robust list possible and then do a lot of guessing and checking to get it narrowed down. So building a perfect list, it's a game of guessing and checking, plugging in sample companies and then playing around the keywords so you haven't nailed. And then once you do, then you can plug it into the people search, grab the decision makers and export them. So those are the main features I like to use on Apollo. Again, there's features here where you can use it like a calendar set meetings through other platform. You can have the conversations, run deals, but these are probably the main ways that I would recommend you leverage Apollo. And then once you have these leads, I'll show you an example of what it looks like when you have them exported and then how you can integrate that with other tools. Okay, so what I went ahead and did is I exported the Apollo list into a Google sheet. So this is the type of data that Apollo brings you. Now I also filter out a bunch of other columns that again Apollo includes, but I don't really like including that data because it just colors up the sheet and makes it really hard to use. But you can see here, first name, last name, title, company name, email. This is all included, the employee size, the industry, their LinkedIn, their website, their company LinkedIn, and then the location of the person or of the company account. So you can then take this data, upload this into a sequencer or any other platform and take it from here. Also include stuff that I don't have included in this export that you can configure here. Whenever you press export, you can press this export CSV settings and show all the different things. I'll actually just pull it up for the sake of this video to show you all the different things that are included. You can see you can get their company name, their email status, their seniority, their corporate phone, their work direct phone, their home phone, their mobile phone. Again, if you pay for it, the mobile phone is a separate charge. They don't include that as part of like their base plan. So if you want to get their direct dial, you can do that separately. You can get their technologies, a million other different things. Again, if I had this all in a sheet, it would be mega cluttered. But that's one thing you can do. You can pull it out from Apollo, upload it to a sheet, and then you can upload this to a sequencer. And then what I like to do outside of Apollo, this is a tool called Clay. If you want to check out, I have a whole separate video talking about Clay. This is like Google Sheath on steroids. You can then run a multi-step enrichment sequence natively through here. So for example, if I wanted to use AI to summarize what their company does, I can write a little prompt here, like visit slash website and tell me if they are a managed IT company. If they are output true, if they aren't output, output false. And so I can run this simple Clay workflow. Again, this is for the sake of this video. We can verify if the emails that Apollo is giving us are actually accurate. And then we can again massage all this data if we want to make it work well for a specific cool email campaign. So you can run these AI workflows through a tool called Clay. I know this is Apollo video, but this is what I do on the back and to actually make this successful for campaigns. If I want to add any other additional data from other data platforms, I can then layer this in. That's how I process this data as well. Like I said, you can also throw this data into other platforms like million verifier or Lisbon, Lisbon.io. So this is a platform you can use. Then upload the leads, grab the valid ones and use those for email campaigns. Or like I said, you can then run these through Clay to get all kinds of other data if you want to make this list ready to go for your outreach sequences. And you can see here, based on the little AI test I did here, looks like a major of these companies actually fit the status that we're looking for. Then these are good to go and then we can run these in campaigns. All right, so that wraps up this video. If you want, check out Apollo, you can use the link in the description below to sign up. And if you want to work with the company to help manage your outbound sales completely and to run campaigns for you, scrape the data, run this strategy and do everything basically that I showed you in this video, plus a lot more to help you set appointments and grow your business. You can check out our website and even marketing.com. You can apply to work with us. We can have a conversation and see if we can help you out. If you also want to learn more about cold email and lead generation, check out all the other videos on the channel. Appreciate you a ton and have a great day.